1	Play Real Football 2015 Game wow. just amazing app. great work. nice interface. mind blowing. i really like it to play it.
1	Radiant is my most played android game. Music, sound, such a vivid picture  this game is the best I've ever played on android. Oh and only humour here is worth 5 stars.
1	This is an awesome app now. Thanks guys. It always irritated me the fact that I couldn't press the back button because the whole thing will bomb out.
1	Addition of more tournaments It will be more interesting, if CLT20 and Asia Cup tournaments, are also added in the new updates.
1	Fun What's the diamonds for. Lol
1	Fun
1	Best game for toddlers There are other, really great games around. But this little monkey is a classic best.
1	Very good
1	Awesome I loved it...........thx for make this app
1	My lil bro loved this app And I love it because it teaches the child new things and puts them ahead
1	I love it I love it like my food only thing is need 200m and 4x400 and 4x200m medley o and also 800m
1	Awesome clock Themes
1	THANK U FOR GIVING BACK UTAHS near me room
1	Cool The app is so cool and u can play it any where
1	I think that you are good Great weekend
1	App closes at level 33 on calling all agents Love the new levels.  But level 33 on calling all agents makes the game close everytime I try to enter that level.  
1	Top app of all time. Educational and fun
1	Princess  game One of  the  best  princess  games  ever
1	Most realistic simulator I love farming simulator for tablet and i play this app a lot please add ford f 150 flat bed PLEASE That's all thanks
1	Great App and super good personal service
1	Error 101 Keep getting this error, game won't start . New phone works like a charm. Need at least a 16g internal to work effectively
1	I love it.
0	Downloads don't work Get your shite together disney.
0	Bad game.... The graphics is bad and the controlling is not good
0	Every time the game updates I lose the ability to tilt to collect the coins on the sides and if I get to a huge gap I die coz I can't jump far enough to keep running
0	Not good at all Purchased long hair finn then reseted my phone and now its all gone. thanks obama
0	Lullaby ads Good luck trying to get any sleep with the occasional ad popping in and making noise. Just a moneymaking scam....
0	... I paused the game and when i was trying to get back to my previous game and it wouldnt let me in untill i rated it.
0	Really Pop up ads are just irritating. ..only 6 rounds before u make it impossible to go any further...just stupid...almost as bad as actually playing for some stupid tickets....Uninstalled
0	Game will not play.
0	The producer has gone back to 2014 by a time machine. He should be creating Real Cricket 2015... Rather than updating Real Cricket 2014 more..
0	Very bad notesion very bad hopeless aap
0	Erroneous translation Can't translate a sentence perfectly. Either wrong or incomplete translation. Good for translating a word. But again for it we don't need any app.
0	Won't Open Crashes on launch on Nexus 9.
0	Very bad It strucks...every tym while I am playing it strucks....am uninstallin it...plzzzzz dnt download
0	Waiting for update... again Well, at least the lag is gone. Buildings are not saved. Went to cave, came back out. Everything i constructed was gone.
0	This game is the GREEDIEST GAME OF ALL TIME Everything costs money. NOTHING free about it. ENDLESS in app PURCHASES. Loved it at first. Would like to keep loving it. Not going to happen. Goodbye.
0	What happened App doesnt work cant get to the FJR forum please fix or  send back my money
0	kuch bhi nya nhi hi is app me .. kam se kam 10 bar app download ko  mcent  se  1 bar bhi 1 paisa nhi dya..  kamino nee.. fake promote kr rhe hi isko..
0	I didn't know I didn't know that after one chapter they continuously push for you to become a member and pay them. I don't have the money for this. That's why I've rated it the way I did. Its annoying. Uninstalling immediately.
0	The amount of ads is incredible. Every single time you finish a turn an ads pops up... gets on my nerves Shame as it's a nice game.
0	Game is a joke Whatever numbers you are not on will roll to an extreme. Why would they do that Makes the game stupid and unplayable. Don't waste your money.
0	Updated.. App doesnt work after update Worked until updated app. After updating app, chose to not record anything since the 6th of 2014..
0	Make BBM moveable to SD card Please you guys should make bbm moveable to sd card. Its consuming all my space and i will soon have to uninstall it.
0	It's drawing is not goodnight
0	Latest version Pathetic  Quality absolutely degraded.  Can't even see immediate  past few days history  etc etc,  sick app now.
0	Bugs Bugs and Ads So many bugs, game unresponsive at strokeplay, wrong scores of batsmen getting out, wrong names...its full of bugs everywhere ... and so many ads.
0	Irritating app....... It saying Unable to load question Please help.
0	Best
0	Fun but... It kept crashing and shutting down fix this and I will rate 5 stars.
0	5 dollars a month I can't believe that this service is gonna cost me 5 dollars a month. It is not right. That's almost the same amount I pay for my Netflix suscription. I'm gonna enjoy it for this first month and then UNISTALL IT.
0	This is actually so bad I can't sign in with my Google account and there's no sign of them supporting the AR feature anymore Very disappointed, invest more in your developers you pigs
0	You can't play offline I can't play offline and that's why I got it.  I would like a refund ASAP.
0	Can someone tell me how to play this... I can't move my fruits, may be you should try to develop the game with vegetables next time.......Uninstalling
0	Cannot find me So what do I need to do to get this working Are you going to reimburse me my vitality points I lost for trying to make your dumb app work
0	Good
0	HATED IT I dont like this game because when you dress her up her face looks nothing like you did it so dumb i wouldn't get it 
0	Will not open since Bristol trails downloaded 
0	it lags as hell please lower the mem usage of the game it lags as hell after sometine of player why this is not happening in the earlier patches. please fix maam sir
0	Won't load The app won't load on my Nexus 5 fix it
0	Rip off After I noticed the insane prices on new content and classes I refunded immediately... I bet, out of those 5k people who payed for the game at least 80 did the same...
0	Title search If you can not search for show what is the point Allow me to search for my show. It must allow me to select my bouquet as well so that I can see show I can actually watch
0	FIX IT I can't play ANYONE PLEASE FIX IT. THIS IS RIDICULOUS I can not believe I paid for this..  will someone please contact me..... I have Uninstaller and reinstalled FOUR times
0	My rating used to be 5 stars... For some reason the articles never show up when I click on them now. They just show the loading icon and nothing ever happens.
0	Nice Fine it is
0	Installation was not simple.  gave up rather than waste my time
0	Poor A poor game all round, needs alot of work doing to it to compete with other  similar games
0	Had to taste 2 stars to review This is crap  You can't use satellite to view maps   and u can't see history either.  I keep track at all of the person.  This sucks  Waste of time
0	Terrible So this game only gives me videos and musics Nothing else I thought it was about styling our own barbie dolls not only opening web pages
0	Awful App is awful, a waste of time, it now won't let me uninstall it's slowed my phone right down. I've took it into Vodafone and not even they can deactivate the app. Absolutely appalling
0	Its  pure rubbish Who ever programmed this wasn't using half of their brain,what's the point of creating a game if win or progress    Horrible waste of   my time. Uninstalled it within 15 min of playing
0	Neo x8 fix needed to update Aaaahhh what have u done  Update killed my minix  Blank screen and reboot  fix it fix it fix it fix it fix it  D
0	Hate it That's not the right way to play.
0	Wont let me play Been playing this game for ages now all of a sudden wont load the game up. Just keeps closing automatically. After paying for this game i expect  to be able to atleast play it
0	Force close This used to be my favorite game. I would play it for hours to past the time but now I can't even get it yo work past one run. Sometimes it even force closes as soon as I go into the app. This is horrible
0	Why can't you take all your chips no matter which place in the app you want to go play. I went to the Texas holdem table and only had access to a lousy 100 chips. WTF IS THE POINT, SERIOUSLY 
0	aaaaaaaaa so irritating bad game when i was about to win a match it says error and all the time irritating adds
0	It stinks We never get the ball from the oponents.....and bad graphics to describe the football match and players . You have to fix a lot of things  to upgrade things AND GOOD LUCK WITH THAT .
0	Poor interface but plays chess well I think it needs a lot of improvements to the interface.
0	Only works on internal list of forums. Does not work on amy forum, please refund my purchase
0	Fadooo Bad bad
0	Nice Nmrl
0	Won't install I tried to install this on a gs5 and a Toshiba tablet,  and the download failed multiple times on both devices.
0	Works 20 of the time Always shows an error and won't play movies no matter in what format even mp4, also won't show everything that is downloaded on my HTC one
0	Missing Features Instead of new design I need features like watching activities of others on my account and play Vine and Instagram Videos.
0	Spider solitaire Flashing ads really annoying and no options of higher levels of play,
0	Really lousey Caillou is a 2 year old I couldn't do these puzzles
0	Does not came I downloaded this game on Tuesday I uesd 230MB in downloading this and,but when I start it loading when it finishes,nothing cames so please fix it for me and I will give you five stars
0	Not opening.  Tried several times,, always shows error
0	Like it but won't close I can't close the app. I am having to hit the home button to get out of the app. This wasn't a problem until the last update. Is there a way this can be fixed
0	Worthless Give a dollar to charity  don't waste it on this  doesn't work.
0	Connection Problem It will not connect to the internet while there is a connection, leading to the retry connection screen. This needs to be fixed. The game looks interesting, just need to get past that point of problems with this game.
0	Error 905 Had to do factory reset of the phone, now Fifa 15 won't download due to error 905. Thought it might be due to the Android Web view update, so I Uninstalled that It worked last time I tried but now that doesn't even work.
0	St Louis Not working
0	Unable to connect 2 Please fix bugs Chromecast streaming. Unable to connect
0	Crash Crashes with my galaxy s5
0	Bra, men sluta be mig reviewa heeeeeeela tiden
0	It updated but it still crashes before app fully opens
0	cant play game has a monkey with the hoodie defiant thing and then goes black and  says sorry game has unfortunately stopped plz fix
0	It's ok but... Too many freaking pop ups
0	Constantly crashing I still can't play this game all it's good at is crashing.
0	Weird When u open the app it doesn't look at all what the pictures show it to be
0	bug hello. I already download the offer.  now I have 9 download slot. but every time I try to download some new manga. it says that the slot is full. but its only 79 downloaded. please fix this bug. I can't enjoy reading manga
0	No This game didn't work for me
0	Love the real virtual dj This is a piece of sht
0	Not accurate. It's not very accurate at all.. It's usually backwards, or it shows the sky at a 90 angle, east where north is, north is west ect. I've had it for a while, and only a few times it has been accurate.
0	Hated It. Tried using it, nothing. Nothing worked. I tried everything. By the time I realised nothing worked, NO REFUND.
0	Cant play this anymore everything is full as soon as you go on its stupid this is the worse farm game I have played you cant sell anything noone seems interested top farm best of all of them brilliant farm game.
0	Good game but.. It is stalling a lot now, slows down too much. Can it be fixed or is it because of my phone Anyone else have that problem
0	Poor rep service Your google team suks They dnt resolve issues adding debit cards...im deleting this and  google account..
0	Aweome The app is ok just hope that it's given the accurate result.
0	Yah I too hated it The videos which they are showing we can also find them on YOUTUBE
0	very bad i can't download the extra content even though i have 6 GB free, fast wifi and i gave it 7 hours still at 18
0	Cannot  view  video cuz  of  location Am  in  Mauritius
0	Sucks Game forces you to pay for gems once you get so far and there is no way to get free gems. You also have no way to delete a building or anything else if you want to get rid of something.
0	Hichi 
0	BROKE My daughter loved this app but it No longer works on my daughters Samsung galaxy tab S Very disappointed 
0	So I bought some packs and waited for them to download and afterwards I had no access to them
0	Too much childish game... i just wasted my time... huhh...
0	Great game with bad service I can guarantee you everytime you update,  it will broke something..  The game itself is incredible, so you know what is bad..
0	Great Game, when it worked I have received a license error and I have tryed all suggested fixes but nothing is working.
0	Takes too long to load Can't seem to get app to open... takes way too long to load.
0	Never download this game. This game is really shit
0	Ads asking if my child is single F this app, deleted instantly Ads asking if my child is single F this app, deleted instantly
0	No map
0	Praveen I like that game I like race games
0	Pete No longer working properly. Was a previous favourite.
0	Not Reliable after all Very unreliable I had booked a trip and got canceled last minute. Don't rely on this app. They can change your order as they please and wont do anything to help the customer
0	Will not work Bought this for my son, and there is only audio and no graphics. I have emailed support and as yet no response. Such a shame really
0	Doesn't work. Tried to use it three times no sucess. Don't waste your .99 cents
0	3d bowling Its so bad i managed to get it in the middle but it always has one two or three left standing
0	Does not work Downloaded does not work
0	Xime L The app is good but first it doesn't connect correctly then when you get in the results take quite of time to be posted
0	Sucks It lags to much it doesn't even let me punch
0	Moth Too buggy to deal with.  Keeps crashing... At first it only crashed a few times per day, now it won't run at all.
0	Good but has some issues I enjoy the game, but the chat gets full and there is no function to clear it  and once it is full no new messages will populate.  If the data is lost you cannot retrieve the player code as the button does nothing
0	Bonus taken away I purchased the hat upgrade and it stopped working in less than 24 hours. I paid money for it and I would like the upgrade back. I will rerate this app if and when I get what I have paid for.
0	No choice on refund Installed didnt work went to refund in google store just said uninstall very dispointed plus cant contact company terrible customer service wont use these again
0	Too difficult Gameplayvis nice, graphics are very nice but the AI is way to hard to beat seems like every other at nat they get a HR I have yet to get a HR can barely get on base
0	Ads interrupt Too many pop up ads The app is nice. Remove ads for more stars.
0	Not worth it don't get it U have to buy everything everything is locked
0	Very disappointing. ..fix it Was all the way done with game waiting for new levels...now I have to start all over again...lost everything
0	Worst app ever used. Download only if u hav 2.19 mb to waste
0	Awesome love it so so so much  I did love it but it just shut down on me now i hate it only get two stars  BTW this is my moms account
0	Totally incorrect load shedding info for drakenstein area.
0	Events, Events, Events Where is the event Kabam did you give up on us already
0	Recent crash issues Was a 4 star...  keeps crashing and locking everything up.  When it works it's as  accurate as anything we have tried and good range of view options
0	Error message Error Marmalade v6.06  Exception occurred in glinit. Cant even go past ea screen..   galaxy s5 user
0	Micromax A315 Faltu kabhi download mat karna
0	Laggy and bad graphics None of the animations are fluid. The game looks like its running at like 10fps. Also, the textures are a very low resolution and look pixilated.
0	Not authorized for use on my tablet Sucks, when I open the game it just says not authorized for use on this android device. Tablet z. Why not A game like this is much more fun on a tablet than on a phone.
0	Ok Half of them are locked
0	Love this game but..... I love playing this game but since yesterday the game won't load at all. It keeps saying that I have no internet connection and clearly I have one since I'm able to rate this.
0	The apple part is hard I thought it was ok but it was not but the rest is ok OH NO
0	Weak Ps photo is way better
0	Bad Nothing good
0	Really Keeps shutting off after every level finished. Just takes me back to my home screen.
0	Laggy For a game as simple as this, i should not have to deal with 15 crashes everytime I want to play a game
0	Copied UI of the ICC CWC 2015 App. Material UI is very poor for the Richest Cricket boards official android app..And it seems to b waste most of the times as its not possible to refresh the content neither any interesting UI...
0	Man what happened.... Use this app all the time for when I do billboard installs. Keeps reverting to auckland... Be alright if I didnt live in Hamilton... Super frustrating
0	Good but glitchy It's very glitchy graphics wise it the graphics going all wrong and freaking out and jumping out everywhere
0	Shame  Please update your app to improve performance  graphics. Also when you buy an app you should put away advertising  Last update 1 year ago  How is it possible Do something
0	brain pop Jr. i tried to download it but it did in,t work don't down load it
0	Im not happy that it wont open..keeps saying no connection and im not about to start over again because I bought a lot of those stars and I can't change my clothes in keeps force closing
0	Wont let me open It let me open it for the last two weeks. Now it just says loading assets then proceeds to say unfortunately it has stopped. I have reported it 3 times and no change. I'm uninstalling. Fix it and I will definitely install again.
0	Down Hill Was such a good game with smooth graphics but since recent updates graphics are patchy some daily missions won't load and targets don't appear in some games as it times out. Please fix these bugs.
0	Terrible Dont waste your time.
0	Worst game Always hang up and time out
0	Login Screen freezes logging in. Won't open, had to uninstall, reinstall...worked once and now will not login again. Disappointed
0	Hate it When I get to this 1 spot it does that one thing would you like to report this gamethis game is stupid never get it
0	Love the game but it lacks multilayer One of my favourite games here and in board version. I was happy to see a 3.0 update but then got greatly disappointed by the lack of multilayer. What's with the android version that it can't have a multilayer
0	Share function missing from the menu Accessed the menu from the recents button but the share option is missing.
0	Npc cars The other cars are just horrible I stop because a car is in front and a diffrent car just comes crashi g into me Make the cars smarter and ill do 5 stars but for now uninstall.
0	Very aggravating when u try to log in and it kicks u off everytime. Getting really old ..then they tell me it's my fault Don't think so I love the game ..WHEN it works Otherwise it sucks anymore Fix UR problem tinyco
0	I don't like it To me,it's not fun.It's like playing Dumb Ways to Die.And to say, I like to play that rather than playing this game.So lousy.......
0	This app bites Downloaded and then dumped.  For Free,  the letter sounds stop at H Really If I could give it 0 stars I would have. Thanks for nothing.
0	Vince Finished all 312 puzzle pieces.  Theres no puzzle anywhere.  Fun to play. End result SUCKED.
0	Doesn't work No games showing when I open the app, waste of money.
0	Game great but.... The game is fun but it keeps crashing on me and is irritating as heck
0	I only picked 1 star becuz it only go up to level 8 I will give more stars if u fix it until then 1 star for me
0	Too expensive Plus they're using fake ratings It's true. You're basically going to have to unlock buy over half the items to use to include kitchen tools, toppings, food, etc. This is just a quick get rich scheme, foh. UNINSTALL
0	What a stupid I hate this app I never this type of apps ohhhh my foot
0	Doesn't work Cannot input name to Play
0	No live streaming
0	Crashing on ep3 Great game up to the end of episode 2, but game is now crashing at the load screen for episode 3.  Waste of money.  No forums seem to address this issue.  Fix please. Android 4.4.2. Samsung galaxy s4 mini. Ta.
0	Stupid It doesn't work like it dose on the picture, I should have known it wouldn't cuz of the name all u do is press buttons THAT'S IT it's such a STUPID game
0	Bugs Lots of bugs when used between PC and Android. And the transfer speeds are so slow. Pen drive transfers in much better speed without any fuss. It takes some attempts to connect with my Windows PC. It's annoying
0	Bad data counter This last update has the data usage counter giving inaccurate readings.  Went to bed on wifi at 75 woke up next morning at 124 According to my carrier I was only at 1.34gb of usage for the month which is not 124.   Needs to be fixed.
0	Ads and popups in paid version DO NOT BUY You absolute scum. Ads in a paid version. I will NEVER buy an app from you again.
0	Sunny Love it how do you hate this game you are haters
0	Won't let me log in to join, just bought a colorado and is frustrating not being able to try out the sat navigation system because this won't let me sign up
0	I never got to play the game it kept freezing as soon as I would turn it on it would freeze ill never purchase a game this company makes ever again.
0	Doesn't work Paid for pro yet all features still locked and tells me i need pro
0	Soon as I downloaded the game it stopped whats all that about.
0	Can't place the ladder to continue the game. So I'm currently stuck
0	doesn't deserve even a single star, I wasted my data
0	Ads I bought the game so I wouldn't deal with the ads.
0	Worked fine till update Loved game till update. Now at start of each new game when Ad comes up, I have to close program and reopen or screen stays black
0	You'd think someone like Activision would know what they're doing. Here's a thought. Let's make that can at least open. I guess the Activision team that makes apps aren't very bright.
0	Doesn't work Seems like the same issue everyone else is having using an android device 
0	Regrettably, no matter what configuration I tried I could not get CaroO Pro to operate on my Note 4 with dash cam feature enabled without a VERY significant batter drain.
0	Buggy The balls do not follow the path that is displayed on the screen.
0	Ad at top of screen is blinding when looking at sky. Get rid of ads and I will rate 5 stars.
0	Bigvegas1 I had over 455 diamonds yesterday and today I have 5 I've been working hard to get those diamonds and the game cheated me out of them
0	Need static IP 
0	Work well on HTC One X. Disappoint about premium codec not include. And material design not implement.
0	So what did I get for the money From what I see I only got a few more.... am I missing something. I thought I was getting the whole lot more than just a few
0	So so Disappointed with typhoon two arms only... very repetitive but nice.. but also very low funding not nice. But not worth wat I paid for the game.
0	Wow, can't even view the map BC of ads Sucks.  Um, I'm not an idiot. I clicked the x and the ads just keep popping up. Uninstalling
0	Actually getting worse Hard to believe, but each update makes the UX slightly more unintuitive.
0	Useless app By using this app we can only compare all Cab fares...bt we cant book Cab by using app..so only for fare comparison why should we use this app
0	Was brilliant now not so much Its pretty buggy now,  doesn't have that light feeling it once did.
0	Poor stuff Doesn't worth the money.
0	Fun but keeps crashing So frustrated that everytime an ad interrupts, the whole app crashes And I've to restart the app over and over again. Pls fix.
0	Network error Today i installed this game and i open to play this game requires update 166 but it didnt run then it says error with connection issue i check my connection its working how can i get it to patch please help me
0	Couldn't get in Every time I try to go into the app it sends me to the last page I was on. I even downloaded it 3 time and I still doesn't work.
0	Bakwas games hai
0	Same Same to me morgan it does not work
0	Didn't work 4 me  10,000 Ads Didn't work for my Samsung BluRay player and every single little thing you do  triggers an ad to pop up, and I mean EVERY. I remember some of the ad and those I will never download them ever, because of this program app.
0	There is zero need for this, this can easily be build into any app.
0	I can't install This won't download data in my device, I have kitkat with a sdcard 32 gb, I know problems with this but when this would be solved in an app purchased.
0	Uninstalled Uninstalled due to everyone I try to play something unreliable Internet connection pops up. Everything else working fine on my Internet ty
0	Not even You call that a game lmao
0	No images I played the games but there was no pictures for the elements.
0	Does not work Four times I have contacted you and had no response. Why 
0	Love Sporcle But the app is terrible. Considering I paid for this app it should actually work, but it never really has on any device. It rarely opens to anything other that a blank screen Not worth the money, waste of time.
0	To easy It's to easy but I hate dogs because he ate my pet bunny' .I should had not have two bunnies and one dog I hate this day
0	Hate the updates Please fix the double pinning and please create a paid adfree app. I would prefer to purchase your app if it means getting rid of all of the useless ads. I hate all of them, they are intrusive and offensive.
0	Great game, but.. No access to purchase downloadable content... Just hour glass. It seems this is a common issue with this game on androids. Once they fix that, I'll rate this 5
0	This horrible Delayed reactions, ads hijacked my phone.  This app needs serious work.
0	Nothing is matching Nothing is matching the reality
0	Baaaaaaaaad Like i couldn t even hear the song.the volume waz up to 100
0	Boring and not interesting
0	Fun and Lag I love this game its fun. I have it for my iPod touch and my 360. So I know this game. So pleeeeease fix the bad lag. Fix it so I can have it on my phone.
0	Good, but... The game is great and all.... But its a shame that you have to pay to actually play with ease...I hope you guys make a free one
0	Mind of its own The ball could at least go where I touch and not anywhere it wants to. It's amazing how the consistently curves away from where I direct it. Delete and uninstall. Not worth the frustration. Deleted all games from this developer.
0	Why after purchase Weatherproof HD For Tablet it shows PRO not enabled and ask for 6 months or 3 months pay Why Canadian city shows in Cuba Will request refund.
0	Additional charges  I have just only bought 1 applicationsally's salon luxury. But why my credit card being charged for 3 itemsMarketplace, RealArcade  Seller Could anyone help to advise
0	Read  Weep The money paid by gamers does not go into the graphic design.  The graphics remain at a playstation 1 level. The blonde lady must of cost a bundle via. the mole.
0	Stupid You could just play random notes and it says you are playing correctly. And I can't even get a sound out of it but when I played a different game the sound was perfect. It shouldn't get any stars.
0	Crashing I like the game but after a few race it crashes. And then I need to restart my phone which is a note 4. Plz fix and I'll give better review
0	Not worth your money This is something your child would easily get bored with
0	Diane. Can not get this game to work on my  Samsung galaxy tab 4. It's hopeless Ltd just want work I've deleted it and downloaded it again and it want work gave up now.
0	Doesn't work on Nexus 5. Can see intro and that's where it ends.
0	It will not open on my Acer iconia A1830 Every time I try to start this game I go to a black screen and that's it Would be great if this worked since I kick started it and have waited a while for it to get on the android. Pls fix this problem
0	Stupid game How ever made this  are stupid because it dont even work
0	It won't let me do anything
0	Abandoned So it is abandoned. Developer responding to the random comments, to keep ppl thinking that they still working on it. Just the potential money from new buyers. No comments on subjects to be commented.
0	I have given this game months and reinstalled hoping it would be fixed and nothing.
0	No, so good Sometimes when I play versus IA that no play anymore and I have than restart the game, sorry by the bad English
0	NOt so GooD It nEed a lot of improvements.  The App is hanging often.  And you should provide atlest chatting option free.
0	Terrible Would not even open just kept forcing app to close   Shocking Very upset 2 year old.
0	Kya game hai yar bakwaas
0	Dumb It's just plain stupid. Like after you're done cleaning her and her hair it goes back to the home screen.
0	Cannot log in I'm an active lvl 40 player but since 1.60 update I cannot log in with my phone  unfortunely summoners war had stopped. My phone is samsung note 2.So I changed my review to 1 star. Please fix ASAP...
0	spam spam accounts start games and then never respond, now I have to wait for a new game. boo.
0	Does not even run Blank screen.
0	Downloading problem. Asking to download extra content, but after 90 or before that the download stops and restarts. Not working at all. It's not working in asus zenfone 4.. please fix that..
0	Too easy Crap game, far too easy, no fun at all.
0	Too hard Need to hit a boundary every ball to stand any sort of chance. Design to make you pay to win. Will be deleting
0	I can log in but... When I want to unfollow users who did not follow me back, I have to wait for about 60 seconds than I can unfollow them all. Why it's so late to unfollow one user So weird Lol
0	Ads I understand why there are Ads but do they really have to constantly flash while you're tryin to concentrate on a card game
0	Doesn't Load I'm on Hudl 2 and doesn't load stuck at load screen I gave it 30mins but nothing  waste of fuing money
0	Won't even open......... It seemed fun so I downloaded it. It won't even fricking open Stupid.
0	How much is the advanced version How much is the advanced version I have tried the support website, calling support, searched via google but I cannot find how much it costs. I am loathe to click Upgrade Now in case I get charged.
0	No. Just no Why do I need to pay for a 4 chapter manga I want to read persona Q and I cannot... Only a manga with a little amount of chapters
0	Cant Can't play adventure mode
0	BOOOH Cannot be open.contacted google for refund but still charge to the app that is useless. Money , time wasted and device space eater. Uninstall
0	Dislike it It won't let me move at all when you begin the game.... 2 stars.... not the best app at all
0	Hate it.
0	Controls do have problem
0	Not free After 3 levels the game demands  its entertainment value is ok.
0	Save ur time for not installing this Full of bugs. Damn wasted my time
0	Not Worth It You have to download a second app for weather which without you cant use this app by itself. In this day and age when space is precious because of growing apps, needinganything other than what you already downloaded is ridiculous.
0	Bad game Not even a game,very very easy. Can even make a move.
0	My pictures thing dosent work I cant progress in the game without it 5 stars iif you fix.
0	Gets disconnected I couldn't even finish a single game. Every time something happens and gets disconnected. I hoped for a nice game but I couldn't find one. If there was an option for zero stars, I would have given you that.
0	Really I played money for this and it doesn't even work. Its only showing me on the screen but won't play
0	Money hungry Everything is money...fix that and maybe u get 5stars
0	Awful Why stupid ads I wear glasses and had problems with the app getting smaller as levels progress. Make it bigger please and no ads then I may re install it
0	This game has a lot of bugs to fix The music is not in sync with the character which is the whole point, everytime you pause the game the music starts over and I die automatically Developers, you have some work to do.
0	No good I as an adult had a hard time understanding how to play the game.  Once I figured it out the game shut down halfway through each snowcone build. I don't think my 4 year old was going to enjoy it.
0	Not for kids of  2. Every game seems very poorly designed for kids.
0	Won't allow me to open it on FB Can't open it on FB, denies my email password. Paid 2.99 for an app I can't play. Any suggestions
0	Some issue updating game data There is no problem with my Internet connection but the game won't work. Don't bother with this
0	Was good... Won't connect to Facebook, progress lost and can't play with friends which ruins the game completely
0	Outdated. I usually hear about upcoming Jordans from other sites way before they're even mentioned on this app... I honestly only check the app once every 3 or 4 months but it doesn't update often enough for even that sometimes. Use to be better.
0	Doesn't work Bought it a long time ago and just downloaded it again and doesn't work on my Note 4, I'm pretty sure it didn't work when I first bought it either, please fix
0	Buttons Does not work properly. Should have been fun game but it makes you angry and no more fun
0	It says coupon is invalid after booking. Very bad an app. Would never use it again
0	This games steering sucks no one install this game
0	Almera Good
0	Pathetic game ever Everything is bad
0	A very nice game but what is the meaning of maintenance will be online by two hours since10 pls fix it before I will remove the game because I have another game like it but I prefer it
0	Very very bad Booked the cab and the driver blatantly refused to come. After this fiasco, I got a call from meru saying that I had refused the cab. Very pathetic service...
0	I like it but Every time I win a battle against another player to unlock more levels yet it don't unlock them fix and it will be 5 stars
0	Doesn't work My three year old loves peppa pig but this app doesn't work. She gets upset and she's unhappy doesn't deserve a star. This should be taken down or fixed.
0	I want a refund Every game either freezes or closes on my gs3. Really disappointed this game isn't even worth .99 cents. How do I get my money back
0	Still cant play. Solution please I really hate it. I cant play my fav rpg. Please if you are repairing the updates please inform us so we know whats the problen why we cant play it. Thank you.
0	Too many ads. Not same as coc free download and no ads.
0	Chapter 12 Is bankrupt of any thought check out act 1 can any one get pass like to hear  from any one who has.
0	Game balks  refuses to work, but the ads certainly keep on just fine Uninstalled
0	Wont start up Have a hard time getting the game to start up.  Have to go to app management and force stop and then go back and start it for it to work.  Plz fix for 5 stars
0	They're Just 4 lulubys and number 1and4 and number2and 3 are the same.  
0	Freezes after every level
0	Not  much good Some level of this game is bore
0	Latest update screwed the pooch It was working fine until the latest update. Now it won't even load. Already tried uninstalling then reinstalling to no effect. Android 4.4.2. LG LS660.
0	 It does not have come little children. So im mad. It also has a twilight song which is not my little pony and it is song 6. Listen really closely to it.
0	Developed a major bug When skipping to my next shift, the play is immediately stopped with a whistle... and the stats get screwed up faceoffs are recorded as being won by both players, shift counts are wrong or unrealistic etc
0	Pictures aren't loading Ever since the new update my pics aren't loading I keep getting that yikes notification please fix this I used to love this app
0	Uninstall Every time i installed this application it come up again after restart phone in setting cant find unstall button in phone setting uninstall button is no more usable help i want to uninstall this app permanently
0	Samsung galaxy tab 2 I'm on my 15th generation I have over 3.5 million. Yet I've never found any bugs and only 23 the twigs. Really needs some updates for something else u can do. Why not be able to buy a new house
0	Horrible Lag I have an LG G4. Top of the line specs and still the lag interferes with gameplay. Dissapointed. Should have tried demo first.
0	This game is incredibly stupid. Most of it doesn't even make sense, and starting from the beginning is annoying. The artwork is sloppy and the sound effects ts are childish and stupid.
0	Boring Paid for it, too 
0	Terrible. Sounds are just awful.
0	I don't really like this game because I can't get everything and I can't buy it Horrid can't get stuff
0	Whyyy Why can i no longer swap characters, i have a hunter and i started the new character but i cant get back on my hunter.. very upset because its level 55 and ive put money into this game..
0	Very bad               
0	Problems with mor problems I love the game, but the technical issues are getting on my nerves. Also the time clock for your ranking is short, it just a tactic to spend your coins.
0	Booo You have to win the things by games and there's multiple boxes if you choose the wrong one you have to redo the games like the 1 millionth time I've done this please fix this
0	Too much RUBISH It contains a lot of virus     after installing my I pad got hanged    and didn't start again
0	Bangar game It cant be played
0	Cannot hear any voice. Nimbuzz is not even able to connect to the echo test. There is no problem with my internet connectivity. I bought Nimbuzz credit but its useless now.
0	Style book Whenever I am going in the style book its just loading and the screen is going blank please put a feature that in the game only we can do the style book
0	Not working Unfortunately it wasn't possible to open any of the videos. App couldn't recognize and connect via neither wifi nor mobil internet.
0	Bad app ... Terlalu bayak iklan najis
0	Rip off Buy the he to find out you only get 1 lousy table and have to pay 2 for other one what a rip off
0	Multi device Great game but cant us my stats on my other device which is bad . and iv played for awhile and now stopped because of this issue
0	Not working on Samsung Galaxy SIII I can't try it, so for now, just two stars.
0	Cost me my monthly 2 gigs of data to upload a few short videos. Not  pleased at all.... Ugh. Battery sucker. Galaxy note 3 2 batteries a day.
0	Cannot open app on my device
0	Was so great before the last update Great simple design, but these new unskippable 30 second animated ads are deplorable. I'm okay with ads for such a great free app, but the video ads are a step too far.
0	New graphics .. Is just bad. Used to love the game, but now it is barely payable because of the new graphics.
0	It does not let you jump when you try it on your own
0	My phone A888 duo, apps crashing.. It wont let me play It keeps crashing after loading Please fix 
0	Not all features on app work.
0	I don't know how to play it I can't play plz show me a video clip
0	Hook won't set Tried 100 times and hook will not set. Refund please.
0	Nonsense Don't waste your money by buying this game...really a stupid game...no radar,no back camera angle.got bored in just 2 minutes..much better game than this is extreme landings..
0	Updated to the latest version and now when I try to load my trips... The app just closes.
0	Lame
0	Crash crash crash. Oneplus one. Game occasionally force closes and, after reopening, restarts, deleting all unsaved progress. Amazing game, not worth the money if I have to do everything twice. I'll just emulate it for free....
0	Lost all my data for no reason Give my data backI lost 5thousand coins and lots of weapons....GIVE IT BACK
0	Not all games working On my gen 1 nexus 7 and lollipop not all the games work. Some just start the leave an empty screen.
0	Worst Continuously ads are popping up. It's very irritating. I recommend not to install this apps. Every 3 sec ad pop up.
0	Useless Keeps Crashing , doesn't even load on Mi tab
0	No fun anymore Been waiting and waiting and waiting for more sticker pages yet every update you do doesnt include those. I now have 14 sticker packs waiting unopened for more sticker pages. Please give more sticker pages soon.
0	From 5 stars to 1 And 0 if i could...my problem was that boomsound on my m8 goes on and off every sec and it was so annoying and this app is the reason
0	Not installing No matter how much I try, it won't install on ms HTC DESIRE. Always starts to download, but it gets stuck at 140 mb, and won't install. I have 1GB of free space on my SD card...
0	Clothes are ugly The clothes are so ugly, all of my sims look like hobos. Why do you keep taking the good outfits away Im Really disappointed by this. It should be just like the computer version.
0	Ads Pay 2 to watch ads Sign me up
0	Update keeps crashing Love this game but new update is very buggy. Very slow, it's painful and it crashes every time I add friends or try to help them. It's just too clumsy to play now so I've just stopped until there is some kind of fix.
0	No longer working Working fine on other devices but freezes and restarts whole device on tab S t805 since I got lollipop. Really need fix to get it back to 5 stars
0	Doesn't work Stopped working with my Galaxy S5 and doesn't work with my Galaxy S6
0	Recent activity How bloody hard can it be, LinkedIn I don't give a shit about what happened a week ago, even if that's the top content
0	Becomes unplayable after you run out of soldiers. I thought you'd get more over time but no you have to buy them or hope a Facebook friend will play the game and give you more
0	Collection of ads Uninstaled...
0	What even I have watched Sims 3 playthroughs on youtube and they are nothing like this. What a rip off
0	A Pain Very disappointed in this game. When you click the fruit to match it takes forever to match. What a waste. Game would be good if not for that problem.
0	Does not work Orientation sensor required. Don't know what more it requires...
0	My son is heartbroken Doesn't work on Lollipop. I'm as distressed about this as my son is.
0	Ads OMG with these ads that pop up loudly and you can't stop 100 NOT worth whatever fun the game might have been.
0	Lollipop Please fix for android 5 lollipop.  I'll rate this game five stars after that.
0	HORRIBLE AT BEST Just bought this and can't even open it up. Had it for about 8 hours and still can't open it up. DONT GET THIS APP
0	Plz fix or i wont spend any more money on it no more If could i would give 0 stars it keeps telling me that my internet is not connected every time i try to go to battle plz fix right now or i wont play and spend money on it no more
0	The scrolling always goes back to the top Every time I click to see a picture on a profile, once I'm done, the profile will scroll all the way to the top again. Very annoying. Fix this please.
0	What happened to being able to login with Facebook to compete on leader board with friends Doesn't let me choose a level anymore No longer even earn points as you play. Fix it back please
0	Note 3 and note pro 12.2 I dropped my rating from 5 to 2 stars, do to no support from the developers. Sent 2 emails, with no replies Used to be awesome support for the launcher but not no more.
0	Fuuu It is the worst game ever i have been
0	Notification spam Creates spam notifications.
0	Useless Cannot do anything with the videos. Waste of 2.99
0	Wont start Just downloaded and it wont even open cause it says it keeps crashing. Would like to play this game but as it stand im giving it a 1 star.
0	Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty Shitty....Derp
0	Disgusting Hate it
0	Too Slow Can you make it more smooth it lags alot and its definitely not my phone that causes this. It's the app
0	Very bad game It is just wast of time
0	Love the game, but no save state Great game, runs smooth. But no save state, so if you close your phone in the middle of a 45 min battle, you lose all progress. Extremely frustrating.
0	Help.....Error Maybe I opened it and it checked for updates then while checking it said check your connection I had 4 WiFi bars and my internet works just fine can some help me
0	Hated it I would give it a 0 but i had to give it a star to right something
0	Why can't I train GLADIATORS when I have researched Heavy Infantry level 28 and I have Barracks level 30 It says You cannot train this troop in this city and no list of requirements aside from Gold and Food.
0	Really Constantly steering left and ads after every load screen Thats crap.
0	Keeps crashing Used to work until 3 weeks ago and now it says things like cannot connect to server even though I am connected, and it also keeps crashing. Really thought this was a 5 star app until 3 weeks ago, now I'm just annoyed with it.
0	Waste of data I dont know why such worthless apps are being created
0	Pathetic app Get a new developer to design a decent app and maintain it. Absolute joke how pathetic this version is, from being ugly and cumbersome to navigate to just plain not working.
0	Useless Why does it work on ios but not on android as a free app. Please fix this ASAP.
0	Too many issues I liked the game itself,the constant loading issues are very annoying.Game is updated,WiFi available,still keeps stopping. Work on the constant network issues and I will increase the rating,until then 2 's
0	So bad yr
0	Doesn't work Force closes all the time. The fact that I paid for this and its doing this upsets me even more. Please fix
0	Glivh This game is stupid it all west stoping wen um in online.please fix it
0	very good Its make the children to know the stories of birbal and akbar
0	Wired Not even close to a realistic game.
0	Not happy You have time to push even more ads now. But still can't fix the crashing...
0	Sucks Everything is locked
0	Poor user interface No context of who's move it is on resuming, can't see topic on daily double, freezes requiring battery pull, and no multiplayer online.  1990 design.
0	Can't play the game at all. Loads to 65, click sign in as guest. Didn't work. Sign up and verified my account with kabam, tried to login to the game, didn't work.
0	Need a refund of my acorns I bought acorns and now they restarted my account...i want the to refund atleast the acorns....
0	Mnet Download but no magic only blank screen  Did it 4 times all the same Nothing 
0	Don't like it I prefer the old version which I can see my picture profile and other profile picture in one screen chat only And the space for picture profile is very small,the circle could not accommodate picture from large screen phone
0	PROBLEM It was working well untill recent update now it won't even turn on pls fix
0	The page doesn't work and links are gone
0	Loved it but... Been playing it for months, latest update says 'failed to initialize hardware' and refuses to run on my TF101. If it's not compatible it shouldn't have downloaded an update. How do I roll back
0	Any one can cheat.... what a game.... hatzz offf.....
0	Dirt bike king The game is good, QUIT TRYING TO SELL ME LEVELS. THE APP SUCKS BALLS.  They constantly try and sell you stuff, other games, levels, mods, and coins.  F this
0	Pop ups prevent winning The game wouldn't be bad if the stupid pop up ads didn't interupt in the middle of the song and make you mess up. Bullshit
0	I want my refund. Thank you.
0	THE BEST I HAVE USED ON 8 SUPERPHONES AND KEPT THEM ALL SAFE AND IT'S NOW ALSO VERY TRENDY LOOKING DOES NUMEROUS OTHER FUNCTIONS AS WELL 100s LG HE
0	Wow I always play the games before letting my kids. The very first ad to pop up after about 1.5 min asked if I'm addicted to opiates Really On a kids game
0	like it much but has much problems when i playing this it is so slow and sometimes it crash and it's always has glitches and when i gonna buy some few things it's disappeared when i play pls fix it so when i download it again i will rate you 5 stars
0	fun at first then a blank square keep appearing in the middle of the screen, uninstalling fixed it which also deleted all past work, but then after a while the square came back
0	Very poor service by nimbuzz group application some time hang call voice is very poor I have face problem Facebook connecting last 3 months please service.
0	Please put back the sliding function. They said the dual page problems were resolved, but it still has. Don't do any patch. You guys is messing your app.
0	Wtf Have no clue what you guys did to it but this game is terrible now. Was originally amazing idky you changed it to this crap. This game is now a total waste of time.
0	New update sucks The new update constantly crashes. Have the note 3 with no other apps running and always kicks me out of game.
0	Bugs after update Was working fine before but after the recent update it's not as smooth as before. It lags. AND IT'S MESSIN WITH MY PHONE IT TAKES TOO MUCH TIME TO CLOSE AND IT'S FREEZING MY PHONE I think I will uninstall it now  
0	Broken Auto fight needs to send off hits faster. having 6 seconds at max without it firing makes you lose fights in pvp arena.
0	Really I bought gold membership. I got everything. But a few minutes later, it all just disapeared Now I have to buy everything again I would like a refund of 1.99
0	What is this
0	Looks like the devs gave up No updates to this games in months, and the last two regions they released only had one level each. This seems how glu operates and they can't be trusted.
0	x5 e53 4.8is 2005 no 4.8 engine on the list to choose from
0	Stupid It's not even a game it is just some stupid info about some stupid trains. NEVER INSTALL IT.
0	What even is this Some of the answers are just ridiculous and some are not even a word
0	Themes Elephant's teeth i got to know about this app through facebook...  there is no such Zip theme plus the themes are not that much interesting as i saw on facebook... disappointed...
0	Not refreshing even on manual refresh... I would like to get a refund pls... ur widget is not updating right even if I  set it to 1hr refresh and not refreshing even if i do a manual refresh...
0	Booooooooo U can never do it all it ever do say acses denied wtf this app sucks whoever made is foolish and a big idiot what ever I'm out Sya peeps and it's stupid don't wast your time kk
0	Update causes more issues Update removes the minimise button for the keypad, making it impossible to unlock phone. Nothing but issues, wish this was an optional app.
0	J'habite a Maurice et l'appli gulli ne marche pas
0	Good app, but a few problems. Completely started me over from level 26, to level 1. I love the game but please fix this issue.
0	Ad central My 2 year old can stay on this program for 5 seconds before hitting an ad that sends him to all places on the Internet having nothing to do with kids But for 2.99 mon you can remove the ad Not worth it deleting this immediately
0	Hated it
0	No fair their greedy This game is weird like they want us to pay for  for the dang levels like aren't they making enough money with the spongebob shows like the heck like wat ever company this is let them know this is worthless and they r greedy
0	App not good How could you work the app if it doesn't even work
0	Can't detect touch When I try to jump this genius just goes away sliding. And he just suddenly slows down and falls down Logic
0	Don't buy this game It doesn't work when ever I try to log on it wouldn't let me. I want my money back.
0	Omg Are you kidding me this game looked so cool but don't let it fool you I keep putting makeup on her and then when I go dress her up the makeup is not even there it keeps on happening
0	I don't get it   I really don't get it how do you play
0	I hate I don't like it there is only 1 of the pets on my tab you can play on and it's pumkin cinderellas pet and the rest of them are asleep so I deleted it as soon as possible
0	This game is not working. I hate  this game.
0	Will not  install on galaxy tab 2 tablet Keep gettimg an error that it cannot install on sd card or usb device. My son loves the Dr Panda games but this one doesent work
0	It wont even let me download. .
0	Awful update This update is terrible, the colour scheme is dreadful go back to black and green, all broadcasts lag, sound is always out of sync, I can't search for anyone, I can't view topics. All round dreadful, change it back
0	It's kinda good but I dislike it... Its an OK game I didn't like it that much I gave it a dislike because all you do is race and it gets kind of old and boring so if u can make better and not boring more changes that would be great
0	Kill kill kill youst yoking for 1 its 55555555
0	Don't pay for it as you will still get ads. It's a huge rip off
0	Freezes My game freezes after completing the waterfall in Act1 the library milkshake land. I am so disappointed after the higher cost of this game. Have emailed and will wait and see  I was enjoying it immensely until then. Such a shame.
0	Where is sketchbook I had sketchbook on my note3 and now I can't find it and it's the only app missing from my app. I should always have access to an app I paid for and this app pales in comparison
0	Shit
0	Suck why do you have to use your finger to go the direction that you wanna go and what's up with the money thing not every one is rich and level 16 at a 250 game with a elcrtic ball you suck to go agasint a level 7 and blow the out what the hell
0	Horrible
0	Bugs Won't even let me pass lvl 2. Broke the window, have the shoe laces and the paper clip but won't let me get the hedge cutters
0	The game crashes Every time that an add comes the game completely crashes You guys need to fix that because i cant play it at all It is crashing all the time With this kind of quality you guys wont be able to get a 5 star rating from people
0	Waste of money This always gets frozen after some percent scan and couldn't pass that. Also retrieves duplicate photos and even the non deleted ones. Not helpful and wasted money on this crap.
0	Worst Bus tracking ever It is if the bus tracking app has a life of its own. Zoom is kak, and you cannot read the names of the stations on the map.
0	Doesnt work on my tablet Samsung tab 2, I can hear the  sound but the screen is blank
0	Soo laggy, even if you check the person they can shoot from far away and still make it......very disapointing. Dont waste your money on this
0	I hate what they did to this game. When it was just you playing against the computer it was awesome. Now they put these stupid characters in there to F it all up. I am glad I still have the old version on my other note.
0	Don't like it don't get it dumb game don't you waste your time on this game Same
0	Network error ruins arena events How could you guys consider an error in establishing connections to be the player's fault After losing streaks so many times because of this, I begin to think you guys aren't serious in maintaining this game.
0	LACK OF PROMO it has an offer wall that of you comply it does not give you the gems you deserve the game owes me like 3,000 gems and nothing.
0	This game suck This game ant no good at all .all it does is play for 5 min,s and stop and the lame part is you have to buy the game and all my free game play just fine and I spent over 300 dollars on this game I should get all my money back
0	Boring boring boring clothes are cool but no interactions must be for 2an under
0	Podcasts are behind a few weeks or months Seems like im having a few troubles getting all my podcasts to sync. Some podcasts are about 45 episodes behind and when i use another podcast to check, they are all up to date except for Pocket Casts.
0	WTF A piece of shit. Saying more is waste of time.
0	Bakwassssssss
0	Has gotten worse with each update. Freezes constantly. Don't waste your time
0	A limit of how much pictures you can heart an hour. There is a max limit to heart each hour. Seriously That's so pathetic.  GET PINTEREST GUYS. ITS BETTER.
0	Update ruined it Now it doesn't acknowledge that I have the donation version. Won't let me hibernate system apps, and keeps trying to hibernate apps that I already hibernated. Ready to uninstall.
0	Requires Internet connection Though the game is quite good  but Can't play it without Internet. Utter waste of space.
0	Not my kind of game Way to many ads. Uninstalled
0	Problems transferring game data I can't get the data from my tablet to my phone I'm stuck on level 1 box 1 on phone but on tablet I'm almost half way through season 2 plz help and I will give 5 stars
0	Scary af So i wanted to try some stuff out on my own and im on level 3 and she is still a baby and if you cover the camera her eyes look up until you move your finger away from it
0	confused This will not go past the introduction screen. Why would I spend 8 and I can't even see what activities my 2 year old would be playing. Uninstalling now.
0	special bus i like excetive move
0	Loads maybe half of any given page Loads only gray squares for most of the pages of all of my comics. How you expect anyone to use this app is beyond me.
0	Downloaded and nothing. No sound. Beautiful App, but useless.
0	Money I can't get money from the game , i just get money from pension and thats sucks , fix it
0	This app is  very convincing,  but it wont open. DON'T DOWNLOAD.  WASTE OF TIME
0	Omg It sounds like crap
0	Too expensive Amazing game I would pay 5 dlls no more to unlock All features, but 99.99 dollars to get 350k coins is crazy. That is one Xbox game plus all dlc packs or my phone bill plus enough to go to the movies twice.
0	What's the point if it can't determine direction Looks very nice but direction is way off... it thinks SE is N. Can't find a way to calibrate. Boourns.
0	It sucks You can't do any thing
0	IT'S A TRAP My 3 year old enjoyed it for 2 seconds then BAM her comes the you need to pay for this and that. One lame section isn't worth the memory.
0	Good game. Starting to have problems though. Really loved the game... But for the last month or so its been having game play issues. Had to uninstall and reinstall to get it to work. Have to do that every time I play an event or bonus game. Smh
0	Retarded Doesn't matter what device but the on screen keyboard does not display properly, preventing me from playing because you cannot get past that screen.  You absolutely have to enter a name.  So dumb.
0	No longer work After the Android 5.1 update this app no longer starts. It crashes out during the start up animation. Please fix
0	Why does it not show the name of the person I'm sending to Why doesn't it show the name of the person I'm sending to
0	Doesn't work. This game doesn't work.. And therefore I would like a refund. Please respond.
0	Again won't open 1.0.6 I don't know why none of your games will open on my tablet anymore. They used to work.
0	All american foods Most people outside america wouldnt see half these foods. The scoring is also a bit unfair try cutting it back to 100 instead of 30
0	For a game that cost money This game is way too glitchy. It's impossible to finish some missions and level up guys. There should be an option to pay to skip missions
0	It won't let me follow people It was fine in the beginning but now I can't follow anyone.  Fix it if not im uninstalling.  And people shouldn't download this if its gonna do that.
0	Boring.. This is so sick I hate it, why can't there be more clothes
0	Sucks
0	MONEY Buttttt.....WHY DO U HAVE TO BUY STUFF FOR REAL MONEYU SHOULD NOT PLAY THIS RUBBISH
0	Just hated I am not able to play the locked levels otherwise it's not bad
0	 
0	Download Can't download the additional content. I have lots of storage space both on internal and SD card.
0	FIX THE BUG THAT IS SHUTTING GAME DOWN OPEN GO TO PLAY SCENE AND FIND ONE ITEM AND BOOM SHUTS DOWN AND OFF OVER AND OVER AGAIN. SICK OF IT
0	Deleted App after 1 day
0	 
0	No support for fragmentation Will only recover 1min of audio files... Useless...
0	Still locks up all the time 61915 Locks up, was fun while it played.
0	No longer working It worked great the first time but has gone to the white screen. I have uninstalled, restarted my galaxy tab, and reinstalled. I think my grands will love it once it is fixed.
0	Good app not working in lollipop Please patch it for first gen nexus 7at least.
0	5star reat this aap Very good
0	Doesn't work Have had this a while. Now after update just goes to a blue screen on startup. Cannot play. A waste of time.
0	Fix this please I love the game as i do on the computer but when i try to talk to others the talk bubble does work. I have to press it ten million times for it to work. It got so bad i had to delete it.
0	Well organized but too noisy to hear anything, who approved it anyway
0	Too hard for little ones. Great show, app stinks.
0	Restore Purchases   Double purchase does not work please fix
0	uphill racing. okinnana met. Nagalas. My 60,000 coins vanished when i upgraded from jeep to concept but did not get the concept car. Sucks. Rate this half star, falling star
0	I owns a dstv waker this app is not working for my tabel
0	Does not work I cant open the app it gets up to a part that says tap to jump on the menu and then crasnes google is not accepting my reports
0	Doesn't  work The game loads but as soon as it gets to the home screen it is blank with background music. You  can only access the settings button.
0	stupid u bozos u stupid bozozs i hate bozos and u all bozos fck u all bozos im not happy
0	So many ads Seriously spamy even after turning partner ads of and buying the game.
0	Crash melulu Ini dkit dikit crash..dkit dikit force stop..mohon di fix yaa developer  nanti alu kasi 5 bintaang 
0	I WANT MY MONEY BACK IT WONT LET ME PLAY THE GAME
0	Cant play random people Dont buy this app. You can no longer play random people Its dumb. Not everyones facebook friends play this game.
0	Bubble shooter glitches Waaay too many glitches. Some levels are designed for you to lose many times over. Don't like how it calls you a loser when you lose a level rather than just say lose. Would be lots more fun once all these are corrected.
0	Boring.... Very boring game....
0	Doesn't work Won't download on my galaxy s3
0	Waste of time Horrid gameplay experience
0	Cant find resources after the game completed the download and install, it shows up a goat simulator content downloader witch the tells me content cannot be download because the resources cannot be located. Please help.
0	Hate it do not get this app freezes won't let you talk to people glitches makes you start over it freezes when you do certain action I do not recommend this app to anyone
0	Very hard Oops i hit it very hard no thing is working kkkkoop meanes no no do not download
0	Unskippable Ads An update added obstructive ads you can't back out of. This used to be my favorite app. Now it's uninstalled.
0	Do not get this app Well it's pretty cool. It doesn't help you play songs it just makes you want to play So if you ask me you shouldn't get this app
0	Please help. Before i changed my phone i purchased every option. And after changing it, everything disappeared. If you fix that i will rate 5 stars. Thank you
0	Ads Why are there ads in the paid version of my game I wouldn't have bought this app had I known I'll eventually get ads anyway. It's a shame because it's a fun  simple game that me and my toddler enjoy.
0	Doesn't work properly on  Micromax A104.
0	Are ye to mooje 2 crore se direct 1000 pe laya aur use din se ek baar bhi uper nahi aaya i hate
0	There is much needed to work on Try making it possible to republish ads instead of using browser
0	Crap Tiles are illegible
0	0 stars Would give it 5 stars if you would fix the game stopping every time my 6yr old tries to collect 7th day prize
0	Ice age Crashed twice now worked hard to get stuff all gone like game but sick of starting over will not spend  anymore money to lose it all again
0	Buttons are hard Game is suck adds are shit
0	Will not install Won't work or open on tablet or  Android. Would like a refund.
0	Stopped Every time I open it, says unfortunately snow cone maker or whatever it is called has stoppedit get so flipping Mad
0	Coins Love the game until today my guest account isn't working and I just got up to 112000000 last night now the game is not working
0	Rip off doesn't work Payed for this and it doesn't work when you.  Click on it,it just says loading and never does.Total waste of money and disappointment for my son who wanted to play it.
0	I can't download It keeps giving me an error. I forget the error code I think it was 905. It would love to play this game and enjoy It, but alas I cannot at the moment. Plz halp.
0	My chopper crashed and my data went with it This thing doesn't save Also no free play
0	Awful Terrible app. And, lots of you are idiots,,, there phone Where phone,,,,,, try their phone. And no it does not work. Intrusive obnoxious adds. The only thing it is good for  is add spamming, which it is very effective at.
0	It's good service for the people, Srilanka
0	Not insured user Not able to use app anymore. All info recorded lost.
0	Google rip off Billed three times to different companies repeatedly. I hope profile is fake I can't talk to the woman if this is real it's cruel to treat people like this. Sorry I ever thought this was more than a scam
0	0s 1 Doesn't show whether a tweet has been sent or not. As soon as I press enter the message disappears .       2 Locating previous contacts after re installation is absolutely dismal.
0	Im stuck in the wall Entered a cave now im stuck between 2 walls with no way out. Dafuq kind of bug is that.
0	You have to pay You get the first month free but have to pay after that. That i don't have an issue with it is the fact they ask for credit card details stright up before even trilling the app. I haven't even tried the app itself not sure how secure.
0	Spam Bought paid version years ago. Recent update has brought ads and daily spam notifications. Deleted  trying to find an old version until fixed.
0	Good Good good good good good good good good good
0	Fix this app Sony Sony needs to fix this app now How can you keep selling this app when you know there is an issue You can't chose letters when solving a puzzle. MAKES THE GAME UNPLAYABLE FIX THIS APP ASAP OR REFUND ME SONY
0	3 things boring,to many adds ,and not challenging    
0	My download can't past 90 Please assist
0	Bakwaas. Duniya ka sabse ghatiya game hai bhai log.waist of mb
0	Sucked I gave it a 1star because I press on the key's but didnt let me go on and each time i want to just dont
0	Hello Get rid of these ads.  The blinking just makes me not pay any attention.  Never will use them.  How annoying can you get.  Get real.
0	This is the worst app I have ever downloaded. It says to do something like tap to continue and it don't do nothing else. Such a stupid app.
0	Not happy Used to work fine but now it lags heaps and doesn't load closes down to home page, needs to be fixed
0	This game will freeze your phone instantly do not I repeat do not download this
0	it is closing automatically plz fix it
0	Plssss plss download this app.. Its rubbish...
0	Epic Fail Bought the Pro Edition. Backed up to ext USB and nothing to restore Also will not connect to Google Drive 
0	Wrong locations After deleting this app then reactivating my account... my location is so far off I can't find anyone local... its annoying and makes me just want delete it again
0	I can't even play it.the game is loading but after its finish loading it just quits its so rude hate this game
0	Update fail Great game until I allowed update. Now it won't open, just stays on title page loading. Hoping for a fix
0	My 2 stars has nothing to do with harem manga. It may be hard to get the manga pages to load on my tablet browser. But at least I can search for manga to read by title and genre.
0	This game is no good anymore. Ripped me off today twice  couldn't load my bonuses its still not allowing me. Fix this you owe me a few 150.000 for all my levels....
0	Been playing for almost two hours and there are no bonus and it says mega win when you win 3xs your bet very sad
0	uh man i used to play this game on my pc but on my galaxy y duos it hangs it takes so much space and one time the machines were missing plzz fix it seriously developers plz requesting u
0	Issue with internet banking Canara bank web portal is not completely viewable i cannot even type my user id or password
0	Cant advance Ok game, but even though i clear the levels, when I get killed I have to start from the beginning 
0	Terrible The missing icons, and that's most look terrible. If you are going to design icons like this you need a convincing masking system or do a he'll of alot more icons. If the devs not happy with this email me and I'll send pics
0	Won't even let me login every time  I try it tells me it's unable  to login
0	Easy play It's a child's play
0	Bulsht Don't waste your data,its really annoying app
0	Wont let me deactivate I do not have anymore space on my phone and I really want to delete this so I can update my Wattpad. But every time I press 'deactivate' it keeps on saying 'Must deactivate before uninstaling' and I dislike it. 
0	Don't like update I don't like update since it does not keep score any longer. When I paid for it it kept score. Also it does not have difficulty levels as clear as before the update . Please bring back the original game I paid for
0	System crashes on Samsung s4. Love the pc app but this software is buggy
0	   Gps            
0	Absolutely awful. Awful game there are no instructions and no reverse it's awful don't bother installing you'll just be disappointed.
0	Can't back up my achievements They should make the expense of their game worth it. And not being able to backup my achievements does not.
0	Stop It keeps on loging me out
0	Sneakers are gone All the releases are gone. Did you update the app or something
0	Sad This is a huge disappointment. I expected a good quality game but all I got was a low resolution, hard to understand, boring game. Do not pay money for this.
0	Good game but it doesn't let you win enough to play and bonuses are small. Wish you could actually play for longer than 2 minutes.
0	Doesn't work whatsoever on asus zenfone 2 Exactly as i said. Worked perfectly on my xperia z ultra before I switched phones.
0	Worst game ever Literally The worst game I've every played, it doesn't allow me to move the character instead the little ball thing that moves him had a mind of its own wtf literally going the opposite way. Thanx for wasting my time.
0	It won't let me login I love this game,but I got a new phone and it won't let me login our even play as a guest.  Please fix
0	Win the team of INDIA I will pray for u . Best of luck.
0	PayGate not active Would not let me purchase my credit report, apparently the PayGate account is not active, so basically a waste of time
0	game progress lost why there is no way to sync game progress its great that theres no need to consider to keep on playing it after reinstalled on new phone. uninstalled right away 
0	Cannot play...Crashes most of the time.. Please fix this crashing bug...everytime i try to open the game its freezes..most of the time..i have other games that runs fine and smooth...please fix..then i will give a 5 star
0	Is a good game ,but can get on my nerves cos every once in a while it keeps freezing on me
0	Same problems as others here 24 hr clock keeps resetting and music player shuts off every time the game is opened. In endless Maps not paying just to get past level 61. Was awsome game till this hiccup
0	Finish one round exits outs of game get that fixed with the adds that pop up at the most random times so I accidentally click on them need to go annoying as hell
0	Liked I did enjoy playing this game but now it takes forever to start and when it comes up all I get is a blank screen. Very unhappy and disappointed.....
0	Great, short game I was thoroughly enjoying this game and it's  immersion until I realized that it is just one chapter in the story. Maybe 2 hours of play for 5 is the return I like to get from my purchases.
0	wtf did I download it's not like the picture AT ALL. the lasers just make noises vibrate, big disappointment.
0	Not working Can someone please fix it is not even working every time i pull it up the screen goes black..please fix i am starting to get agitated
0	Useless Get Could not move file error when trying to move files from ed card to phone storage. Even just moving one file. Also, nags every few seconds to give feedback do you like our app. Annoying, useless, uninstalled. HTC Amaze.
0	Disgusting Even after cancelling the trip the driver called that he has reached to pick me up. Just a poor app..in simple english.
0	Doesn't work No activity after loading
0	Great app. Has stopped dowloading info recently on galaxy s4
0	Loses Connection Ever since the last update it gives me nothing but problems.  Constantly loses Connection and when you think you have it working it freezes and screen says device disconnected.  Please fix this as I would like to enjoy it again.
0	Can't print or save to camera roll Please tell me how to print to my wireless printer or how to save to the camera roll. I hope I didn't just waste 3.99. When I click the buttons, nothing happens at all.
0	You never win Like the computer always wins I will give it a better rait if u fix that
0	Worst game ever not even opening properly Bekar
0	Solitaire Like the game but can't stand the ads after each game  I would rather pay for the game and do away with ads for things I would NEVER buy
0	Lol Are you people really that dumb that you thought a laser would shoot out of the phone When you bought your phone, did it come equipped with a laser This is just a mindless children's app. Idiots...
0	SUCKS You only get 5 options
0	Still have some problems. MOST of the app works but some things keep saying there is a problem with app please send email. But when I do,  the email wont send the file. Good thing a didnt spend a lot on this app.
0	does not work on android 5 lolipop
0	Wrong If you click on a game and by accident click off it takes your tokens. And it does not let you play the game.
0	Really boring knock off of flabbybird
0	I would give five stars but... It won't accept my answer FLINESTONES so please fix it ..and my answer is correct
0	What's the point of purchasing this app if you still have adds
0	Worst game ever This game needs more development to improve not just graphics. Also fluidity on movements of the characters.
0	Missing feature There is no cast screen feature on my galaxy s4.  I looked it up and many, many people also have this issue.  There better be a good reason why they STILL haven't fixed it by now.
0	bad you game verybad. all the time sending report but no posible working. you very bad. i try one i try two but no work good . work always bad . always stucking. game not download. headache . very terrible play . thenkyou
0	Wont save creations I like the concept of the game, but my creations wont save...ill mold my forest the way i want, and when i come back to it, its nothing but a few trees.  what is this Is it suppose to be like that
0	 Bad too much loading i didn't play yet from the loading pliz fix and than i will rate 5 pliz
0	Been playing for so long and can't get close to enough coins to play the slot games were you need 100000 minimum coins to play, have never got a jackpot to unlock the higher levels.
0	dont have any meaning and so hard to play
0	Bishwa nath It is vary vary work ful app
0	Freezes during play Horrible app. Keeps locking up during play. Absolutely no response back from the creators of this app  that used to be fun somewhat rigged but now you can't even play a full hand  this app SUKS
0	It's not the best Should have read the reviews first.. Some of the photos look nothing like the movie  it's very hard to guess them because of that reason. Uninstalling.
0	Lion heart I lost all my coins,unlocked characters,gems and my much hardwork since last update....Hope u guyz to fix it early as possible... I am feeling so disappointed by this u must fix this 
0	It only plays the other hand a u can't hear what u play
0	Note4 This app now got issues you submit with photos get feedback approval without pictures what's dat developers fix dat on next update promise 5stars
0	Bad bad bad Won't load, can't open very angry 3 year old and mum so mad
0	What the hell Great game but i dont get it. How many more times do i have to play in the same day I've played the tournaments on 4.11.2013 like 10 times each. What do i have to do for the day to change
0	Painfull and frustrating Poor quality. Slow loading. Bonus games are pathetic. No special anything's with the free games. You will unistall.
0	Hate it I will take stick cricket over this game anyday. Horrible gameplay, and not much to do. Some batting moves you are not able to perform and is hard even if the difficulty is set on easy. Horrible, hands down
0	whaaattt ttthhheee heelll i've reached level 190 above  after update .. iy has started from the beginning... wt the hell plz plz plz plz fix this
0	Uninstalls itself after opening The app immediately uninstalls itself upon opening on my Samsung Galaxy S5 with a paired Samsung Gear smartwatch. This is a longstanding issue that has precluded me from using this app on this device.
0	Cant log in Please fix this problem. Its been doing this for some time now.
0	This is the best app but Has been filtered in iran..
0	The thought the light would come out of the phone...... Like in the picture..... I was so disappointed when I did it If you are reading this comment, don't waste your time with this app....
0	Thisgame sucks We all DO have a reliable connection you jerks This game FAILED HARD 
0	App freezes I love this game and play all the time. However, recently, the app has started to freeze as soon as someone plays their first line of trains.
0	 Guys I have a strong WiFi connection but it keeps telling me that I'm not connected. I don't know what to do and I really want to play this game .
0	Fck Game play doesn't match with your coverpic fcku
0	U need to fix this game Running slow. I don't like it no more gta v is better
0	Great game, big problem After update game immediately crashes when I open it
0	Nah When I donwload Tha From new Phone alredy Sign in Google account Ive purchased many Planes But when I see the plane list all of them must bee payed again What the heck man Waste of money
0	VESA Managing
0	The smart list update makes it hard to find anything, nothing is in any sort of order that makes sense
0	Bought it, can't access lessons I bought this last night, and I still cannot access all of the lessons. It says buy all lessons for 199, but Google play says I already own it. 5 stars when fixed.
0	Ruined I'm addicted to BR , reading about 100 stories a day , but I can't load new stories now . Please fix it .
0	Every time I try to do a song it says I must be a vip player and if not it sends me back to the home page and says an error has occurred. I'm not going to pay 7 to dance when I can play it on my wii with no worries. I'm done with this fricken game
0	Absolute garbage Quite possibly the worst worms rip off I've ever seen. Horrible aiming mechanics, terrible selection of weaponry, and overall a Grundy feeling sort of game. This game is free and still i feel i paid too much for it
0	Won't even download Uggghhhhhhhh
0	Bakwas ha
0	I want all my money back I tried to play this game today in a message pop up and said it was an unlicense wedding dash error. Wth
0	Don't bother downloading Its stupid and boring. I had it for a half hour and I regret wasting that much time of my life. Uninstalling.
0	New version is annoying The adverts which pop up are very frustrating. If I have my phone on silent for multimedia the adverts still come on at full volume. Fax it please Previous version was excellent.
0	Terrible It won't even let me in once I created a character it shot me out the app. I have tried over 10 times. I wish I could give this app a zero. If the fix it I will give it a better rank
0	Very bad Waste app no one replies properly to ur text everyone say just one word hai and go off  Waste app
0	Game good but But playing with off spinner is damn tough can't predictable. Just improve on that
0	Good game BUT Just like with Westbound addicting game but can't advance due to constant server crashes and the need to complete offers for or buy swords.
0	Boo The controls suck please fix or im uninstalling it
0	Crashes often Worked fine for a while, now it always crashes or won't even open.
0	Worst Apps I've ever used
0	All my stuff is gone I bought a fair amount of inapp purchases but when my phone broke and i got a new one, i cant restore my purchases
0	So bad Allways crashing so adds no levels
0	Grossly inaccurate There are over 90 of fixed cameras MISSING in my county of England, 100 of mobile camera sites missing, and zero of the other safety related warnings.  Therefore, this app is worse than USELESS.
0	BAD
0	Meu filho adora os videos, mas depois do ultimo upgrade perdi todo o contedo que havia comprado e uma verso em ingls apareceu no meu telefone. Um absurdo
0	Needs quick improvements This game sucks. We should be allowed to buy a vowel while trying to solve the puzzle. And if we don't get it, the system should tell you the word, phrase.
0	I hate it It won't stop going to slick craft and slick craft is ugly and horrible
0	Needs work Keeps telling me I need at least 10 characters. I have like 100. Tells me to complete all sections when I have. So therefore I can't list.
0	wont load just main screen
0	What is this crap How is this game even in the store The balls are squares with a circle in the middle, this is so weird and stupid. Not smooth at all
0	Crap dice I expect the dice would be more like moodoo marble or Line's let's get rich. It's still random, but at least have a little bit more control than this. It always give me bad numbers always go to snake. Maybe my expectation is too high.
0	Halarious I scared my mom and dad so good they were both cleaning dishes and bam They jumped 
0	Keeps force closing Can't even get inside to play the game... I'm not taking the refund because I believe in you guys but please don't let me down. I have a ZTE Android phone.
0	It won't even open on my nook without crashing Only one star dude like its not for nooks
0	Wacky wacky wack... I can make even better app than this.... What a waste of time...
0	I hated it it freezes and takes you to the store and won't let you go back there is more pets than people are saying but I hate it
0	Runs slow on Galaxy Note 4 ATT. I don't know what has been changed but it has introduced a serious amount. After fully completing origins I decided to give it a go again.
0	New update is garbage. An excellent team is a poor team speed wise now. Keeps having errors and getting booted off. Fix before the new madden comes out or I won't play the new one . Fed up
0	Issues when entering post code I am unable to enter a full post code. Once I have entered the first part of the postcode e.g NN8 then both the letters and the numbers are greyed out and won't let me select them to enter the rest of the postcode
0	Cant join any online Cant join any online games with my gameloft live account but when I sign in with Google plus I find one right away pls fix all my data is on gl account
0	Refund   I bought today, I want refund.. what is the purpose of buying this app without the capability to back up whatsapl, wechat, line.. big fail.. refund please
0	Absolutely Not I tried to uninstall can't even do that impossible please help or I need. The extra space , phone now secured
0	Pop ups The constant game pop ups BAD IDEA really annoying please make them way  smaller on the side without the annoying noise trust me we see them no need to make them  explosive .
0	Huge delays Moving map touch screen has delays so bad app cannot be used as intended updates make it worse have contacted xample many times with no solution I have ios version on ipad it works well android useless dont buy
0	Not what i wanted I thought it was gonna teach me how to play piano..THIS GAME SUCKS.
0	I want a refund This game is too bright and way too easy my 1yr old brother finished this game in 10mins.
0	BOOOOOOO It don't do anything it won't make a sound and it takes tooooooo long to the voices
0	It does not make sense The graphics and the game on its own has problems
0	It bad Boo it's bad
0	Good, but... The game looks pretty good but it lags a lot and crashes frequently. I can only play one round before it crashes, I have to keep restarting the game. New obstacles are sometimes confusing and result in unfair deaths.
0	Latest update This is the 2nd update I've done and expected new levels on full  version and  theres nothing. Used up phone data for nothing. Please fix...
0	No bonus spins Why are the games so tight. I hardly ever get bonus spins anymore. ..why
0	Okay but needed more No zoom, cant draw and fill colors on it. Sketching is very slow. Line appears after I draw it
0	Still unable to get pastthe initial screen  Huawei phones don't seem to have the luck of being able to run this game yet, as i still crash out right after the initial sign in screen 
0	Horrible app stuck in the 90's Reminds me of Windows ME. No NFC or mobile payment or recharge of cards. Basically just duplicates the info on the website. Bus tracker inaccurate, and thus useless. The shitty website is better.
0	Unistalled My phone restarted and became unusable after installing the new update. Had to hard reset and a lot of pain. My phone is motox 1st gen.
0	CAN'T FOLLOW ANYONE. This is ridiculous as hell. I can't follow people or even post publicly on my own profile because everything is always glitched. I like google, but this is just now starting to tick me off. FIX THIS BUG.. the update did nothing
0	I hate this It gives you wrong answers this sht its helpful but when it comes to correct answers dont download this coz you will wasting your time
0	Need more instruments without paying Only one Instrument on the free app.
0	So many ads Constant interruption from ads, some if which are videos with audio that you can't skip. Constantly nagging to rate or invite friends. Not worth it
0	Like the game, best golf game out there. But almost impossible to get new gear with spending real cash. And as of the last update I now get a 30 second advert before each round. Will probably lead to uninstall.
0	Great concept but Technically very bad app,it never updates location,it shows a message relocating successfully but always shows wrong locations of family. Resolve it and get 5 stars.
0	Took everything I broke my other phone and had to replace and had over 40k points and lost all of it
0	Does not Chromecast or Google Cast Does not Chromecast or Google Cast. The TV will display the Slingplayer logo and connecting, but screen turns black. No audio or video.
0	WTF used to work but now it does nothing, on all 3 devices. i have a feeling this guy only tests the app on his htc and not samsung or nexus
0	Hate it forever... Wow I try to wake them with money but rlly still sleeping... u only get five pets I think the best ones are locked and just wow........ can't believe this..
0	The basic app works great but I bought an add on and now it wont let me unfollow anyone from the app. I have to hunt them down on instagram to do it. Which wouldnt normally bug me but i paid for extra feature and now the basic doesnt work. Fix it.
0	Ok At first its fun. After a while it gets really boring. I wish I can have a refund I spent like 10 bucks on money and 3 bucks on the game. Honestly if you have a busy life don't buy this it gets boring. And a waste of money
0	no cheats like other sims OUTRAGES seriously we need a cheat code mode and at least have like saved files my old d.s. is better than this freaking game.....maybe till they add it I'm keeping it at a 2 rating it's not worth my time
0	Nexus 6 broken  Immediately closes on startup Unsure if this is model specific or android 5.0.  My daughter loves this app. 5 star otherwise.
0	Could be great Doesn't offer full episodes and every interface of application is very limited. Uninstalled application.
0	Used to love it but now the auto Playlist is stuck. No way to pick videos. Please fix this
0	Best I love the collection of dresses oh oh my goshh It's so nice game no complained about it
0	Mango man
0	Lngsamt Har blivit oanvndbart lngsamt p sista tiden.
0	Maintenance We'll back in 2 hours. What is the maintenance as u ppl are doing. It's almost been 1 complete day. Please start the game.
0	Sims 3 Hi please could you fix the code it keeps saying marmalade error it won't even go past the green icon thanks
0	Freezes up after every race, very fun game but having to restart this app after each race is really getting old
0	Good but needs more Needs more manga then that amount. I feel like its only choosing only the top listed one then others. Please add more then that. Thank you
0	bad game ever fix it asap until this game looks like fifa .
0	Paying for other book I bought this and then paid for an additional ABCs book. So far it's been downloading for over 15 minutes. AVOID THIS APP.  Editors choice my A. It's obviously unattended. No network issues on my end just garbage on their end.
0	Fatal issue on nexus 10 On my nexus 10 the game screen shrinks to 14 size when I move a piece to the bottom of the screen. The game still runs. But placing pieces is difficult from then on.
0	Not work In my lenovo a7000. Android 5.0 lollipop
0	stuck data downloading three times i've tried download this game data, and it always stuck about 9096. Zenfone 5
0	Eh My son liked it for a week
0	This should be open to anyone like on iphone
0	It sucks Dont get this app unless you want a phony lazer. It doesnt actually shoot lazers out of your phone. DO NOT GET IT
0	The app stops working  Since the new update the app would throw me out and display the 9gag has stopped working.Rather frustrating really as the apps rather good.Please fix.
0	This game is disgusting please stay away Very bad
0	It's not good When I give my email ID it says its not correct
0	Pointless This app is terrible. If your child does not ALREADY know how to spell, you'll have to help them with this. A LOT.
0	I really liked the game Usually doesn't load and when it does it seems as if it waits for you to have a bingo and kicks you out or it lets you pay for card  and kicks you out keeping your tokens to play I uninstalled it.
0	cause out of control on GC Cup i want to know how can my phone out of control with analog stick when control a player...i have seen round by round...someone have control me out and i can lose easily...can you give a reason drop your comment
0	Bubble witch saga 2 I pay alot for it U people keep taking my money and it acts up and then I'm suppose to get a refund never once have I if not in 24hr I'm cancelling all ur guys games
0	It used to work. Froze every once and a while but dealable. Now today I go to get on it and it's not my account even though i just had it connected threw facebook...everything I had over the last year or so gone...
0	Not Saving Went back to play this after few days and it had to dwnld more addins and my progress wasn't saved.  REALLY REALLY ticks me off.
0	Daily gives one update but show me what is new additional in this
0	Never works when you need it. And shows you doing few miles per hour when you not moving.
0	JUNK HOW DO PEOPLE GET TRILLIONS
0	Doesn't work Installed app,  tried to use it,  could find me but couldn't find the address. So the request taxi button never lit up. App is useless.
0	Not fast enough Very frustrating. When I open the app it takes forever before I can actually Shazam a song Ever since the new update when the stupid welcome screen appeared, it takes forever. So annoying
0	Not fun at all You should charge people for this app that way we'd know the only way to play is if you pay, you buy coins, because you give little to nothing at all. I can't afford to buy coins , so I'll just uninstall this app. Bye
0	Bakwasssss Too many ads piping up in between controls are not smooth as well. Wasted data on this crap
0	Got the app for my Colorado ltz storm can't create an account can't do anything... HOLDEN go with google maps or something
0	Good but bad I give rate u .because u dont hav special guns I try bye a gun bur I not found  why u don't have gun      
0	No sound I'm good but how can I be if the music doesn't play when I vs people plz fix
0	Maintenance 2 hours ago, it says that it will be ready in 2 hours' time. How many 2 hours do you exactly mean Stupid app
0	Rubbish. Doesn't alert you to any speed cameras, fixed or hidden. Waste of money.
0	Still waiting for proper file browsing File browsing is terrible and the app doesn't appear as an option to open files with when used from a better browser. Unusable for locally stored video libraries of any decent size.
0	   
0	Hey, i am disappointed.  I don't play as a professional nor as a gamer.  Still at my level your game sucks. Now i would like to know why you are not responding. ......
0	This is just bullshit Don't bother yourself downloading it coz it really sucks
0	Won't open at all for me since the update. I'm a long time user and use this app everyday. Very disappointed. Please fix soon.
0	Paid advertising Why have me pay then still plug the hell out of your own pages by hiding within tags. You should pay ME to advertise Stick with free version. No difference.
0	To many gems Everything at the end has to be unlocked with gems..... not worth the down load. 1 star....
0	I win tournaments and don't receive anything...very disappointing. This happen too many times.
0	Horsegirl13 This game only goes to level 8 and it goes by so fast so you don't have that much to play....if you fix it and add levels I will add more stars
0	Crap Developers should be ashamed with what they did to this game. Used to be a good game.
0	Does not work
0	Too easy Wasn't a challenge and the amount of times it crashed wasn't funny
0	Really liked the game but now it won't open on my phone tryed reinstalling it a few times but still nothing which only sucks where it's not a free game fix and rating goes back up 
0	This app doesn't work every time I dial a number it keeps shuttiing down. Big deception
0	Kak Ads in a loadshedding schedule Are you serious Like loadshedding isn't bad enough.
0	Worst app ever Wouldnt accept password to deactivate. Now it doesnt want to install
0	Controller Great game but a little hard without the ability to use a controller. The game doesn't load if I have a ps4 control connected
0	Hate Won't even load I have a Samsung s6 edge and once it finally loads when I open it it closed out right after not even making it so I can open the page ridiculous had foe years on my iPhone and worked perfectly .
0	I don't   like it There are no monsters like in the real minecraft and also like in real minecraft you can't even save ALL your hard work. Whoever created this game please make SOME changes  to  it.
0	Beautiful. Hands down the most amazing looking of all the sky apps. However it's not very accurate when it comes to reading my phone's sensors.  I can't figure out how to customize anything, there don't appear to be many options or settings
0	How do i get a refund PLEASE Only plays for a little bit then its stop casting to my smart tv... i wanna know how to get a refund... horrible... rip off
0	It doesn't work in restricted profile in lollipop It doesn't work at all in restricted profile in lollipop, can not take advantage on restricted users feature for my 3 yo girl
0	Update sucks Do a better job... it is laggy, and what happened to having outs in a home run Derby Time goes too fast, and I am losing to a computer.. come on now. 5 stars when you fix.
0	Nice to have but doesn't always work well
0	Look elsewhere Inept developers, it's a library of cards for christ sake, how dumb are you guys  Maybe I'll check back in a year to see if they've figured out which one is the hole in the ground and fixed this train wreck.
0	Nevwr opens
0	Boring Not good.
0	Doesn't Work HTC ONE8 I have not been able to finish a game, uninstall and reinstall made it worse. Freezes every time. I want my money back, don't waste your money Complete fail Sony.
0	Don't waste your time This game is not good. Players minimum bet lost all my coins with in 5 minutes
0	Why it always says  i got 0 score for every quize i took.kuck this app,
0	Not much to do here.
0	Useless App keeps on force closing. Until i on my wifi. Your GPS trackers are worst. The cab drivers always got my location wrong. And you always got bad drivers. Improve yourself. Or you gonna face what you have done..
0	Dude, what is its purpose besides rejecting you I mean, come on It did ''Access Denied'' THE HECK Its called a ''Fingerprint Lock'' not ''Reject Every Fingerprint''. Fix this to where it scans your fingerprint and set it as a lock for your phone.
0	Wat happened to the money spent I paid to unlock all and was able to play it till recently. Do u mean there is expiry for the paid app Are u able to rectify
0	RIPOFF  DO NOT BUY Completed in 3 mins. NEVER ever will buy anything from those scammers again.
0	Stopped working It was working fine last night and now it won't work. I just get a no media message. If this doesn't get fixed I want a refund. Total waste to only be able to use it a few weeks.
0	Paid for app with adverts Would be a 5 star rating if it wasn't for the in game adverts If I've paid for the game, I would expect there to be no adverts.
0	Laura Why do I only get to select a few teams  ,don't like this setup
0	Cant do wnload the game
0	 Not all the cars are available, and it keeps showing a error with the qr code
0	Want to like it, but... It's sluggish, slow to start. And, this is a matter of taste, the icon is butt ugly
0	Needs to update Doesnt show my friends who actually play da game and it doesn't show them in da invite either so basically cant request for lives... UPDATE and maybe youll get 5 stars if the update works
0	Does not work Managed to finally download it but wont even load, the screens blank. What idiot puts games in here that dont work oO
0	Hated it HATED I payed for a fun game  not this
0	The game is cute but is too wide for the Samsung Galaxy S2 Tablet The game is cute but is too wide for the Samsung Galaxy S2 Tablet which renders the game unplayable
0	Bad.. pls don't download this waste.. Bad very bad
0	Very buggy on s6 Latest update is very buggy. Crashes and the bluetooth feature is buggy.
0	Worst game ever This game is so fking lame after u start its hard for u to tilt and its so slow  it makes u crash  . This is.the worst game ever gt gt
0	Stop the notifucations Disabling them doesn't stop them, I downloaded an IPL app not 'every cricket game in india' app
0	Crap
0	BAD Bad very bad like mostly everting is locked n u Hav to purchase it this is a total stupid app do not install it warning
0	Just a bad clone Annoying music, controls are clunky, don't understand onscreen prompts, very annoying music. Might be better if you could somehow connect a joystick but that's not the vendor's fault.
0	Doesn't work galaxy kids tablet. I hear the music but the screen is just black.
0	The adds are so annoying,  and often force stopped. Please fix it.
0	Useless app... It always points north towards the top of the phone... Whichever direction you are into...
0	No payout for big win Hit the Big Win should have had 2500 coins but only got 30.... Happend twice so will probably uninstalled. . Kinda takes the fun away 
0	Same bug appears on Sony Xperia SP as josephw390 has on S4. Only first launch has visible mark, any other try is invisible until complete clear data and of course any progress lost.
0	Traffic Cams Question What predefined web cams, like Traffic Cameras, are available  Answer Traffic Cameras are listedhere.  This is from your own FAQ and why I bought your bloody app. Where are they mate Do I need to contact Google
0	Cant log in either Cant log in. Im using the correct details. Please fix footys about to start
0	Fireman sam Very poor already paid for it and it keeps chucking me off of the game
0	Crappy I used to love this app but now its really slow and it tends to freeze or disconnect for no reason.
0	Games is amazing bus since i changed to oneplus one cant play it anymore so now its just waist of money
0	Cant post ads, always rejected. The new olx sucks, old version was better, it worked. Will only use Gumtree from now on.
0	Full version Shocking... Writing stays on screen and have to exit to clear screen again on my galaxy s2. Not very happy at all
0	Refund The app freezes a lot my daughter has not been able to use it for longer than 2 minutes
0	Update leaves game in ruin Nearly all angel activities cause the game to stop. Will give one maybe two days for developers to resolve. Will delete game if no resolution.
0	Average It only gave default theme not like creative theme pack like buzz launcher where icon doesnt hv to b icon they could b in text as well.. Not stylish launcher m looking fr.
0	Crash I'm using Note 4... Crash the game every time just run few seconds. Please fix the bugs.
0	No legendary cards Played for several months did not get a single legendary card. Don't play it is not worth your time
0	Dont download this game The waste game I ever seen in my life
0	No multiplayer mode What's the point if you can't play turn for turn against a friend over the internet
0	I would probably give it 5 stars if it will be free  plz set up ...
0	Cheapo really So I have to buy a train,why couldn't you just the other app games and say either buy or win trophy's to get new characters,I guess my nephew would have to stick to toys.  in it for the money right get a life
0	 
0	Too much ad Ad pops up every time I tap. It's too much
0	Poor connectivity This app won't read my 1998 Acura CL that is obd2. Whats the deal where is reads all obd2 protocols, which it does not. Uninstalling.
0	Boooooooo I deleted my apps for this game but i         could not even beat lynx because of the bombs screw this game. Maybe you guys should add a difficulty
0	Well crafted, soulless, casual upgrade game Recommended if you like grinding resources mindlessly with no skills or incentives.
0	Stucks It gone worse with new update. After double tapping for the hover board my phone goes zoom automatically. If that is not resolved I am gonna uninstall
0	App doesn't even open Bought the app  can't even open it. Not much use as on our way to London, 2 very disappointed kids
0	Unplayable Need a very high end phone to be able to play this, keeps on crashing when I try to log in. Fix this and I'll change my rating. See no need for this to be unplayable on my phone from looking at the game pictures
0	Love the game, BUT, can no longer purchase new categories with coins since updating to paid version, tried emailing got no help same with the help center. Please address this
0	Can't Text. Can't text on droid, and can't open all of the faces on the paid app.  Great when it works, but often it doesn't work.
0	Keeps crashing I would give the price is right game a great rating but it keeps crashing I paid for this app and every time I play for more then 5 minutes its crashing very upset want my money back please 
0	There is no games What is there to play with the new game that I just downloaded has no games and I like apps that have a great game of the stuff that the company may put in the game and this app has been a way worse game then the other games
0	Update  Customer service. This game needs more teams. Beating the same 3 teams over and over again is becoming boring. Plus the customer service in all of Cartoon Network's games are terrible. This can easily be changed.
0	Galib Not bad
0	Game is awesome but it force closes so much I can't get pastthe 2nd chapter
0	Coin moving speed Too slow dear... Even after update 21 version ...its slow ..plz do one thing 4 us ..all good in 21 version but  only fix speed like 19 version...
0	Stats and Ranking Somewhere along the way the calculator got messed up. When I win the game my stats go down and the opponent's goes up 
0	Worst game Worst game ever played
0	Really slow ..... plzz nex update is fisht... record real harmonium voice... and attack this software H
0	Not loading fully I do like the game. However, the font is really small, the characters don't fully load they show up as white blocks, the store doesn't fully load as well its just a white. Can someone help on these problems
0	No, no, no. The tutorial is bad, the music makes me want cut my ears off, really crappy art and just on the cheap. Waste of money, refund pls.
0	Game seems to be good, however I am playing it on nexus 5 and I am unable to click on anything from the menu page. I checked the compatibility info and it says that it works fine with nexus 5. Can you guys solve this issue asap
0	Sorry i would give it no stars if i could IT WON'T EVEN INSTALL HOW CAN I PLAY AND I WASN'T EVEN GOING TO MENTION ITS ONLY A FREE DEMO NOT GAME. NOW I AM BECAUSE THIS IS STUPID.  YOU GET ZERO  STARS
0	Please fix It let's me play for 5 minutes and cut out. Please fix
0	Bulllllllshit The shit graphics and take lot time to start do hell with ur shit game... Dont download this shit....
0	No scorecard or ability to add Gps seemed to work well but even though it had the course it did not have the scorecard or even the ability to add it so it wasn't very useful for using during the round.
0	Don't down load it Its a boring game and the screen is so little that you can't even see what you're doing.
0	Paid app So I bought the game yet if I want to advance to the third season without having to complete the first two I need to pay again I changed phones, so I need to complete everything again What did I pay for if I still get ads
0	Connection Problem I can't ever play the game cause theirs a connection problem
0	Tweets take a long time to post Not sure why, whenever I use a WiFi connection, the tweets take a long time to post. The timeline gets refreshed at the same time.
0	EDIT BASE NEEDED  no one lesson to me...1 star
0	Not working Sent email havent heard back to why i am to repay for the app to work in a new car.
0	Bad Horrible
0	Can't log in UPDATE game won't let me log in for at least a week. Keep trying to log in andvevery time I tap the tap here to play screen, it generates a new start screen. Sorry to my league for not being able to log on. This sucks.
0	Don't work It don't work I only can tap one thing really DO NOT INSTALL THIS APP HATE THIS NONONONO DO NOT INSTALL
0	Don't download.   The game can't open. The first page is repeating and not open to play.
0	Ads Can't play one level without a add popping up before it starts or before it finishes. Rather play the fake CTR games and sacrifice the originality then play this. DON'T BOTHER GUYS, IT WON'T BE FUN.
0	Useless Useless game I have ever seen Just wastage of Internet Data And Time.
0	Months of waiting After months of playing, still no quest for stone. Maybe this is an option for paying customers I'm tired of logging in just to do the same thing everyday.
0	Well Son loves this game but once purchased it won't load. Please fix
0	Where is it
0	Horble it dose not even say anything when you pick up
0	Works ok. Not worth 6.99. Kids will loose races.. hard to win
0	Imprecisa Molto imprecisa...
0	Bad parts It's gay as he'll that you spend a g or more on parts and everything is soooo spendy so change that or give ppl more money and I will reinstall. Definitely uninstalling.
0	Have great GPS here but these offline don't do it for me
0	VERGOGNA Avete praticamente rubato il dominio del vostro sito al famoso progetto ibrido Phone e Tablet, appunto paranoidandroid . Pi volte ho sollecitato via e mail senza alcuna vostra risposta.
0	Not good It should have more games my niece gets bored even when she plays all of the games
0	No longer working My daughter used to love playing this game, but since my Samsung Galaxy tab S tablet has been updated to Lollipop, this app no longer works. It starts up, gets to the splash and then crashes....please fix
0	Fix the Android Lollipop Ever since I upgraded to Lollipop and the app is slow as hell, and the game freezes most of the time and I have to restart my phone... You guys really need to fix this.
0	Not fun In some Leal's you get stock and can't pass at all. It gets u angry. Don't install. Stooped game. Not fun and boring. Worse game ever fauvk the game. Not full version too. Fauck
0	Rubbish This is crap
0	WORSE GAME EVER HOW STUPID IS THIS GAME Hate it ever time I go on the app at always say there's an arror stupid I can't want to tell my lawyer and Sue
0	Ads and IAPs Full screen pop up ads right after starting app, and requests for in app payments on the main game selection screen. This is not suitable for children.
0	Horrible Slow. Horrible interfaces. Bus tracker is inefficient and slow. Nothing makes sense and it looks like crap. The only good this are the gautrain notifications.
0	Update crashed it Great game until this last update ... It did literally the opposite of what it said now it will not load at all. UPDATE.I am no longer able to press play or anything else. Uninstalled and re installed issue still there
0	Major glitch , incomplete Take a silver sled with a pocket rocket will not work for my galaxy 3 and many other phones please fix , can't complete star  Still doesn't work after update 
0	Ai reach is ridiculous The ai would be hitting me then I wouldn't be able to hit back at all this is my only problem with this game
0	.It isnt working anymore The game is awesome but there seems to be some problem with it seeing as it opens fine but when i choose the stage it closes. Fix this.
0	Its notbworking It used to work 5 stars all of the sudden i get the msg unfortuanatly dominoes stpped working, uninstalled an installed again still the same msg, pls fix it 
0	Yet another Marvell game that doesn't work Force close before I can get into the app. Android One M8. Would love to play it though
0	How do I park
0	Adams Always no space 
0	Too many adds I like the game, but can't stand all the video adds that use massive amounts of data. Can't turn it to airplane mode because I need access for work. Remove some adds and I'll 're install the game. For now, I'm uninstalling.
0	Levels not loading properly Level F14 feather stages doesn't actually load the 4th pig, making it so I can NEVER get 3 stars on that particular level. Please fix
0	I hate it If i can give 0 star for this i will. I open it and it will close by it self
0	Charged Twice My account statement says I was charged twice for this app. Its great, and will give 5 stars once my issue is resolved.
0	Worst service Booked 2 rides 10hrs in advance. Not even a single cab came. Got the driver contact details for the ride but at the last moment they said the cab is break down. If u completely depend on this cab u will be in trouble....
0	Problem installing Issues with kitkat and restrictions using SD card to install. Please update
0	It's fun but costs money to win big battles. The prices start out low for beginners and gets even more expensive the higher you get.
0	Do not download
0	Machete It wasted my time cant get anymore machetes to continue the game unless spend real cash... nah its all money money money... cant just enjoy a normal game
0	Crap Odds off winning are 41 percent with this strategy don't waste the time or money.
0	What is this this game is good but we only have thomas.we can not buy any other train,they always ask money for it.fix it than 5 stars
0	I liked the original I've always loved the game snake. Its one of my favorites. But I'm deleting this game because the controls are too difficult and at least for me they don't work properly.
0	scam i paid for the app  but now when i open it stated unlicensed n force close. what is this u tell me totally unreliable
0	No help section for the moves or rules.didn't know how to play
0	Widget Bought the widget, and it never loaded up on my phone. Then I uninstalled the widget, and waited a few days reloaded agn, and it still doesn't load. The app works fine. Please fix the widget.
0	Okay Well um it's a really good game but every time you play with a computer they always cheat so when its there turn the always give them free turns and not me that's why I loss and the ads are really making me mad so plz fix all of it
0	The game is great but it won't let me sign in next day to play all I get is toy blast has stopped working once I send a report in it lets me play but next time I can't play again
0	Is me paehle jaisa nahi he . ihated it
0	Don't work  for distance more than 100 kms .
0	Okay The game is good but the update system is horrible. I upgrade the bike and if I was to select, select a bike all of my upgrades are gone and the game money is gone.
0	Very poor app. Crikey, for the quantity and quality of the app it should be free. Buggr all content,  Buggr all towns, Buggr all depth anywhere actually. This weeks forecasts for my city goes M, T, W, Th, S, Su Ummm DOH what happened to Friday
0	Even one sound don't matches
0	Shit of a game Wastage of time and data
0	Disliked it It is a good game but the speed of coin moving is too slow  only by that reason I gave only one star
0	Ok but The game has some pictures that unless you play alot of old games your not going to pass without the worthless coins. And im talking about level 21. Also can someone tell me plez and thx
0	Blegh Good game, but requires constant internet, so no play on the go for some 
0	Love lacrosse I love lacrosse but this game is horrible not worth the money I paid. I hope the console game is better because you can't win I threw my phone in the first game it's so bad
0	Now the game is to big After the last update the game is to big for my phone and I can not adjust size so I can play please fix this problem thank you
0	Few bugs. Should be more accessible and balanced for casual players. Few bugs. Should be more accessible and balanced for casual players.
0	Seriously flawed My daughter is 5 and she said it was boring And there are ads all the time, even if you press the back button the same ad plays over again and again.
0	jickon nath
0	Keep to free one Licence check failed I'm glad I paid for something I can't use
0	Still waiting for those big changes The dev keeps saying big changes coming but all we get is force closes.
0	Hate this game Because it kicks you. Out of the game
0	Update is not working Since i upgraded the app is not working at all. It just freezes. Fix this please or put it back to the way it was before.
0	Boring. Do not installed this app. It takes long time to start.
0	Not good Why do I  need a premium subscription if it is free on ios
0	Worst game ever There was nothing to do in the game. There was 1 ugly girl to use, a few objects that were hideous and you had to pay for all the good stuff. So just to be clear , this is the worst game ever 
0	Des crotte des cochon N'est pas disponible dans tous les pays
0	Porn Loved it until a pornographic ad popped up, then anothet...no thanks. Uninstalling. Thank God my kid wasn't using this seemingly family friendly app.
0	Doesn't work The home screen just loads continuously.
0	Bakwas hai
0	It has already started glitching
0	Doesn't even start Just flashes powered by unity over and over again
0	Not liking it The game wouldnt load enough for me to even make an account or let me sogn os a giest. Mind you this is first time playing the game
0	payment does not work.. paygate  not active
0	Watse kak is die
0	DOnt bother I want me money back
0	My sweet baby girl A very nice game
0	Grrr, usually great but... Updated phone and lost all progress... Please help
0	Does not work in my Galaxy s5 I have installed on my kit Kat 4.4.2 version but does not work It give me massage that update the new version. So I am trying to update the new version but can't I have used this application b4 It was good
0	Didnt earn my xoins I just played the best hole of my life. 40 foot putt and all. Leveled up twice on one hole. Should of won like 300 coins or something.....and then noticed i didnt get any of them. Not happy. Player name is MilkySwagger
0	Blurry pics on galaxy s4 I just can't get this app to focus.. The native camera app on my s4 is fast better.
0	it sucks what the fuck is this app it crashed and stopped when i opened it. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME
0	wrong its daft, you gentle tap your ball and it say foul like a stuborn five year old.
0	Kooky. Looks great, but no substance, nothing works properly. Considering the money surfing is generating, a half assed, glitchy app is unacceptable, lucky for FOXTEL.  Lame effort, I'm going surfing instead.
0	Can't open it The app will not open. Can't play it. Will update if issue is fixed
0	Doesn't work want refund
0	Sucks It wouldn't let me turn it would only let me go left and I wasn't even controlling it
0	Tumhari MAA KI CHUT, yeh kya chutiyapaa lga rakha hai Dont install, such a waste of time
0	Can't open app since upgrading my phone Used to have Samsung Galaxy Note 2 and it worked fine. Now I have a Samsung Galaxy S6 and the app won't even open.
0	No, just no. Don't like it. Tediously boring. Give me back my money.
0	Doesn't save or print I paid for the special pictures and it neither saves them to the camera roll nor prints to my printer. DO NOT PAY FOR THE PICTURES. another poor port from Apple to Android. Very disappointed.
0	Is usless The car doesn't want to move
0	What the Last update, all it would show is a black screen..... This update, it starts up with a black screen and a message that says can't play video Please fix this issue
0	Add Maharashtra vehicle info too
0	Lost all progress Played for a couple weeks then today I opened the game to find all progress lost and I'm back to the stone age with no buildings or territory. Uninstalled it immediately. What a waste of time.
0	Not liking much Try to sync it with other apps ie Facebook and it says can not complete action not happy Please fix I have a samsung galaxy s3.
0	What to do What we have to do when they get married in church and the girl touches the rose please reply within 5 days other wise il uninstall this app and there should not be bug fixes
0	Very poor game..
0	Nickelodeon commercial issue Please fix Nickelodeon commercial hanging up, won't skip, or finish. Only fix is to Force Stop. 
0	Sick game I loved it it does fix viruses trust me
0	Waste of time and money Won't even work When I pushed refund, it said couldn't complete refund Don't waste ur time on this people U can get it free on a computer FREE
0	Too many ads Ridiculous amount of ads to close before you even begin to play...
0	Doesn't work Did not even let create an account
0	Dreadful waste of 2 pounds Frustratingly difficult. Most of the time the game simply doesn't provide you with the tools you need to defeat the current enemy, and tiles are mostly scattered uselessly across the board.  Not that much fun.
0	I don't like this newer version at all. The power ups don't work like they used to. The freeze power up turns itself on before I want to use it. I want the old version back Newer version
0	No Moga support Unlike Sega's other titles, the Moga controller isn't supported in this game so gets 2 out of 5.  You'll get a 5 star review once you add Moga controller support.
0	Was good once upon a time. Was going great loved the game. But one I got so far the game stops. It says unfortunately it quit working. Then it made me restart the game, so I gave it another shot. And.... it stops working again Please fix.
0	It sucks I hate this game you start off with nothing and you have to beat the hatdest guys in the game while you have the weakest so i say it sucks 
0	Borring I completed it in less than an hour and you could drive through the cars.
0	The video to lure you in showed 3rd person battles. But the actual game fell woefully short. Not my cup of tea these types of game.
0	alerts disappear why alerts disappear instantly i want to read it again but then they are removed so we cant check again any dealys ..
0	Doesn't work Doesn't even open on my Nexus 6. Emailed developers and got no response.
0	Good game, but ridiculous overpriced in game content This game is pretty good,  but it's ridiculous how overpriced an extra hero can be, costing upwards of 15 and it's  just a little hero and no extra content.
0	King of zombie Not so fun dis game..jus for kid level..my level is so far from dis level..please improve your game make more higher level like me have fun with dis game.not just simple make money k,dont be selfish person..
0	Bad Just so bad
0	Won't even let me play The screen freezes on the first search and won't let me push anything. Would be a great game if fixed.
0	No goals This app was what I thought I wanted , but no way to make goals . Pointless for me , back SHealth I guess . Don't buy this if you want to easily make goals .
0	Still the biggest donkey site I've been on If you like donkey poker, this is your site
0	Crashes to easy.,, What happened to them awesome Racing Games on android, lately its as if a 5yr old has learnt coding  is practicing on here, if this carrys on am sacking android  moving to IOS
0	No 12hr click display Why do all these widgets display in 24hr format even when the system is set for 12hr display Please fix
0	worked fine until latest update i love this game and own the board game as well as the android version. since the latest update, the tablet version is unplayable, the screen just flickers and dies. please fix
0	App is not working I've been approved to drive yet the app will not let me log in. I can log into the rider app just fine. Why not this one
0	Force close Would give a higher rating if the game wouldn't force close every time I open it. Can't even get past the first logo
0	Bootloop It keeps restarting itself over and over in every 5 seconds. Horrible
0	Ads are obnoxious I played this all week and loved it Today these obnoxious ads with annoying music started popping up when I finish a game. Most annoying ads I ever had on an app. Uninstalling....
0	Cheats Cute game, but something about when I reached a certain level, I couldn't get through it without power ups,.and even that didn't help  Done.
0	Won't go past test protocol 3 nothing happens Cant get any info on car at all as won't connect
0	Not like the site at all My favorite game to play on Sporcle is the trivia bingo, and either I just cannot find it for the life of me or it just isn't included. Bingo was the only reason I purchased this app.
0	Not working Always saying waiting for reliable signal,till now it doesn't show speed
0	This is the worst This thing always loads and it never hurrys up
0	Too many ads close to the game Dont want ads sitting ontop of game. Distracting. Deleted
0	Was a good game up until this new update. Now its keepa telling me to check my connection everytime i hit play so now this is a useless app
0	Great Looks like traditional Lar in all her awesomeness Latest update broke the game. Crashes on startup loading screen Samsung Note 2   Awesome game Looks great so far.  Love the wall run and parkour moves 
0	C'est triste parce que je voulais regarder des missions de tlvision franais, que je manque, mais apparemment je ne puisse pas regarder en angleterre.                           C'est dommage. . .
0	Special actions buggy on last turn Love the game but a bug disables special actions on your last turn. This needs to be corrected as it can ruin a game.
0	Not opening
0	I have downloaded 2 of your fireman sam games and both do not. Why is this happening not happy after paying for the second 1
0	Awfully boring
0	Terribly innacurate From Sydney AU. Thoroughly tested this always inaccurate, even with multiple satellite connections. Not sure if this is the nature of these kind of apps, though comparing this to my vehicles speed it was terribly unreliable
0	Loved it It is a good game but it has the same picture in my other game
0	app not working app not working into my device  neken n8
0	Doesn't work No matter what menu item is selected, all I see is the loading spinner.
0	Dissatisfied Why when I select gallery does it not show all the pictures stored on my device This would be a needed requirement for a photo app wouldn't it How about fixing that since I did pay to use the app
0	Bullshit app I wana give negative rating...it won't work and flooded with ads only...Dont download such shit....
0	Fake app doesn't support nor show the road or tell exactly where we are it's fake I don't even like to gve one star but if I don't give their no way to give the feedback friends pls dnt download
0	Loading It's telling me connection error. And i have to proceed but then it has to load again like fix this and there's non wrong we got connection
0	              ...  
0	Can't Load Game I have uninstalled and reinstalled this game 4 times. I have full Internet connection.  Have a Samsung tablet please fix bug.
0	Perfect
0	Payment failed Tried purchasing it a few times but keeps timing out.
0	Cant get on I have uninstalled it plenty of times and it still wont let me get on to play, bs, I will install iy again after a few days of it not being on my phone
0	Ads way to many Even when you turn off WiFi it still does it waste of space and time also to leafy
0	Not fully functional yet Will rate 5 stars when reads more than p codes and bi directional controls are there bi directional controls is the ability to control actuators
0	I have just purchased and install but get error can't mount and su not good done
0	Too revealing to be rated E Ridiculous that I have to see half of the women's breasts every time I open a case. My kids wanted to play this, glad I did not hand them my phone.
0	Its good but I cant open if you fix that I rate 5 stars
0	I hate it It Sucks I will not be playing it again
0	reverse the update the update is terrible, the white screen matches the website, but the black was easier to see, better for the eyes. loved the app before. now, not so much
0	Coco   marine     is   of   love  and     kissing     go  in   play   store   and   Don t     writt  any   thing   see  it  on   play  store    apps
0	Update lost all my progress again .  Why can't you guys figure this out So annoying
0	So mad I paid for it and installed but now it won't download cause it says I have insufficient memory which is a crock
0	Dont know how to play........come on Payed for this.......if I cant play, would appreciate my money back....stupid game, don't give you're money to this dumb game
0	Good game but sucks  The graphics are stunning. Gameplay is awesome. The only thing thats really anoyying is how the app constantly freezes that it doesnt even allow you to play it troughly
0	Turma da Galinha Tambm adquiri os 3 anteriores, em portugus, comprados e foram substitudos por esse em ingls com uma msica. Espero que o erro seja corrigido o quanto antes.
0	Search location having problem. Totally out. Local country but comes out world map. Data wrong, search Universiti Putra, becomes Universiti Malaya location. Can make a person unfamiliar get lost. Data integrity source
0	Latest Update is Terrible Game will not load every time on galaxy s6 edge. Getting real hard to enjoy a game that I can't even play. And I've uninstalled and reinstalled 3 times already
0	I cant open my village anymore,a message appear Unfortunately,ice village stopped,please fix it for me,i am level 39 my village name Douce Village,i don't want to lose my village,its so hard to level up..hoping for your kind consideration..thanks..
0	Ok Sound work s but music does not to glitchy. It use to work
0	This app blows Second party search engine. Stick to the internet it is free. Plus this app does not support IP boards.  Wasted my time and money. How do I get a refund
0	If there was no stars i would pick that. This app is slow, and makes notes impossible to use. Its the worse i app  ive ever used. Coming from a 12 year old
0	SUCKS After the update it won't open. Automatically goes to app store.
0	Boooooooooring n fake.... actually I saw everyones reviews for this app...guys dnt take it serious its just a prank
0	Too hard too quick Stupidly hard very quickly. The easy junior version of this game is stupidly easy....no middle ground here. Annoying. Had a few months, fed up with it, uninstalling. Theres only a few levels of challenging fun.
0	PAYOUTS ARE NOT WHAT THEY INTEND... I've noticed that when I hit a certain amount, it doesn't payout the correct amount.  That's no fun
0	I just purchased the full version everytime I hit the home button it tells me 24 hour trial period will end. And I have to click the Open button every time to go home what is up with this
0	Please fix Unfortunitely stop working po ang lumalabas ,ayaw gumana
0	Direction I would award it full stars if i was able to hover above the arrows showing the wavewindswell direction to see the exact degrees
0	Doesnt wprk Never works correctly. Even when climbing onto a bus it never shows true location. As useful as every other crap service in RSA. Thanks for taking up my data.....POS.
0	Fun game but doesn't save progress I worked so hard to create an awesome world but I had to leave the game and 5 MINUTES LATER EVERYTHING WAS GONE. but still a fun game
0	Confusing categories Some artists don't really belong to one hit wonders.
0	Sucks Waste of my time and money. I used to play this game back when I was younger on my ps3. When this came out, I thought I would like it like when I was a kid. Now I can't just get the same vibe out of it.
0	Accuracy Accuracy has fallen through the floor in the last few years. Useless for anything but the weather radar.
0	Fix The doc station needs to be translucent. It's white.
0	Used to be a good game. Now it lags on some of the fastest wifis out there. Used to be a decent game and would have said it to be a 6 star. That was 2 months ago and now i can barly play it because of the lag.
0	No save level option Cant continue playing the first level each time I start the game when there are 100  levels.
0	This sucks It won't work when I go to put my scoop in it closes out1	Very simple and effective way for new words for kids
1	Fh d Fcfatgv
1	My son loved it. It is easy even though my son is in first grade. Highly recommend it.
1	Brilliant A brilliant app that is challenging but great fun. The only thing I think could be better is if they grouped each difficulty together. Other than that, it's fantastic and I love playing it
1	Good I have gotten several updates and new games help out alot.
1	I love it If u don't spend no money you'll have fun any way
1	Walter mofokeng
1	Best Emojis ever I've tried just about all of these emojis and this collection is by far the Best 
1	Animal hair salon This is the best game my niece ever had she learn how to use clipers so she can cut her cousin hair
1	Good
1	User friendly. Good mix of games play daily.  like fireworks when win a game.  Thanks.
1	Interesting game Please player vs player i really really loved this app so cant sleep without playing itD
1	Works very well. Found new quicker routes to places I've been going for years
1	Awesome program, big up
1	Really fun app I love it its very fun you should buy it but there is some glitches but i rate 5 over all.
1	Awesome So far game has no glitches. Nice graphics, very fun. Played for over an hour first time I play, couldn't put it down. This is the only game that I have purchased, best game I have played  Hopefully no problems in the future.
1	Great App This app really breaks down the Bible so that it can really be understood.
1	Mr  Brand Pretorius I use it alot .... and happy .... if posible please ad lynx 624 x 44DT Hohold over recticke  please please please
1	Fun It was cool
1	Soopa fast Great app but it allways has my team getting beat Sort that out  there'll be another 50,000 downloading  LIVE SCORES,, 
1	Paid for the App, now Pay for Levels I paid 3 for this wonderful app, and I beat all the levels, Now I have to pay an extra 1 for more levels...
1	Great game Alot of honest fun and good design that doesn't force advertisements on you, good job Yahtzee.
1	Loved it PEOPLE it can't be updated it originally came out on PC
1	I love this game Its so fun
1	I love it jooo It is good beautiful
1	Amazing its really fun I have it on both of my devices
1	I really like this game only need a faster way to collect money any advice Thanks for the free game
1	I'm a human Shazam anyway But I still find myself needing a little extra help sometimes usually when a song I don't know is about to end
1	Great game Perfect little word game that you can play for a few minutes, or a few hours.
1	This app is supper  cool Loved it
1	I love this game it's great I finished all levels 180 in 3 stars  and looney cards plz. Finsh some levels with updat soon to i can play again am waiting ... Thank you 
1	Great time waster I've used this app mainly on road trips with friends. Its great if your ever stuck with nothing to do with a few people. Everyone seems to enjoy it.
1	Christian Emojis Fantastic.  3D emojis. I like I them alot. Thanks.
1	Yaaaaaay I can play Crash Bandicoot....Enough reason for 5 stars
1	Brilliant I think coin dozer is absolutely necessary for children, amazing, but it would let u down if u lost a massive coin But all together its awesome
1	Well worth it In my first week home with my newborn this app has really helped me kee track of feedings and diapers
1	Hussain Continue your work man
1	Ausume
1	Soooo addictive Play against someone and tryen have them beat your score and go back and forth and restart when you choose its sooooo fun your just try to beat your own score as much as you can. addictive
1	Great app. I use the Yo Windows on my laptop too. I would not use any other. I have tried others but nothing beats YO WINDOOWS.
1	LOVE it The rims and the color of the cars and the lemozen car OMG can't help it I love love love.love love love love it best griving game I ever played
1	Samsung galaxy to 10.1 So cool if you are an avid  boardgames like me. Game itself is very immersive and soundtrack is a nice touch too.
1	My rating This game is so the best game ever no ads pop out and no more short ads videos or whatever so happoy
1	FUN FUN FUN Ok this game is so fun but it gets so boring but its so fun if your like 7 8 or 9 years old this is the perfect game for yall 10 11 and 12 don't get this game serisly
1	I completed the entire game I finished all the levels in the game. Ericus mountains, Red Rock Valley and Lotus Point. It was really fun indeed.
1	Great, satisfying, arcade racing experience.... 5 Title says it all...just plain'ole'fun.... Thanks for the amazing racing series..  Patiently awaiting RR4...5...6.... Haha...keeepm coming
1	Not so bad Sometimes teathering hotspot won't get established n smetimes it won't gt connected to required one n also can't change the storage location
1	U U
1	Just try it Was never a fan of slots or pokie machines but this... This is the most enjoyable app I've downloaded
1	. . . Love this game. Things are not expensive Just enough to train everything full. Not hard to gain diamonds just go forward n u can have them  almost completed, few levels more then the aliens are destroyed for good 
1	Amazing I like how you don't just go and eat you have to use your mass wisely or else you will be smaller than the one your chasing. Very creative.
1	Great app So far I have not found a better app to spend money on. The WW2 is out of this world, I know there is a ton of guns but would love to see a few more. Thanks for making these apps.
1	Colin mc cray rally I played this game on my dad PC and its as good then as it was now I bought for my tablet can't wait to race one more
1	Great Great game play for hours with frends
1	Loved it too much
1	This new game type This new game type is amazing Keep making more Thanks you
1	Brilliant design Clearly, a lot of thought went into making this game a perfect balance between challenging, fun and replayable. Belongs in the same category as Tetris good enough to launch a thousand clones.
1	The fiviest of stars. By that title you can tell I'm a 12 year old which means I have a lot of time to spare. This excites me. THANK YOU SQUARE ENIX
1	Great App Very handy for following up my favourite teams' performance and useful for betting enthusiasts
1	Love it, but HD photos are not automatic Used the pro version on apple for ages, loved it so when I got an Android I wanted to get it again. Note that you need to change your settings to get HD output.
1	Great app.. I would  add amount  of wins it takes to move percentage up. And chance  to play up to four players just like real  game
1	Good Love the game preachy good
1	Easy and accurate So far it's worked every time I used it.  Not a lot of bells and whistles to get in the way.  Nice and neat.
1	A truly awsome game This is by far the best slot game available on the google play store. I highly recommend it any problems ive ever encountered  has been resolved with in hours.Thanks for the great support and especially to Anita.Your Awsome
1	Doraemon music pad
1	Game I played this game so long u couldn't keep time. It is so fun but I had trouble on time machine it's cool though. I passed lv.1lv.8 I want to get full version but too much work also one tap you can't stop playing
1	Awesome Love it so  cool P
1	Nice speed and easy to use Thanks to xender team for concern happy to see password... sending or receiving...but better will be that prompt for which device is going to join group...
1	Perfect game  Smooth movement speed.. Nice Dungeon map, nice chatacter design and good story line. Thx to hearing my comment before about auto mode.. Know i'm playing this game very enjoyed  Success for Brave Trials v
1	Awesome My almost three year old is playing like a champ. Only downside is she asks for monkey everywhere
1	   
1	Nice App My little daughter like it very much
1	Awesome
1	Great this is such a excellent fantastic super fantastic wonderful superb game
1	Kandra
1	Good One piece nya kemana  jgn dihilangkan dong min , plis one piece dibalekan, tolong min
1	Princess Tailor Boutique I loved this game you got to chose different patterns.
1	Loved it  I love this game plzz edit new song in it
1	Love the app My 4 year old loves this I was curious how do We download purchased coloring books on her new device.
1	Tictactoe Best brain exercise I've played yet
1	A very nice application. It is a good application to regularly monitor one's blood pressure
1	Go Lube out
1	Love it My son has autism and loves to learn his shapes
1	My favorite game better than any thing Else
1	Great app Needs tick box to enable video recording on startup and 720P1080P video recording options.
1	. Really very well made game Wondering why the rating is so low. Download took ages, but I didn't experience any crashes so far.
1	Nice but need improvement
1	Helped alot I have an utraclassic my speedometer went out and I needed to keep track of my speed and mileage I found this app and it really helped me as I traveled from PA to Az thank you
1	So good When it hit the wall it turn back and explode i was laughing so hard i almost break my funny bone
1	Good dancing game
1	Most configurable audio  New UI. The new UI is a vast improvement. It's still a little quirky, but you get used to it quickly. Very configurable and great sound. The developer is very responsive.
1	Great for comics I think the newest updates fixed the issues the smart lists update introduced. Excellent, really like the new lists and sorting.
1	Does what it's supposed to do, tell me if I'm properly rooted or not. Was using the free version forever but decided to buy the pro version to support the developer.
1	Awwwwsome This app is freaken amazing good work great graphics.......just an.opinion you should add the F2000 or a gun related to the G36c it would be awesome to see those weapons in weaphone action
1	Great Game I love it I'm hooked got to level 27 in two days but I can't get past it. Soooooo hard hahah. This is so worth 3 dollars im going to look at similar games now....
1	Good for those learning Japanese. Its good practice for those that want increased Kanji skills, and also no furigana for most of the series. Anyways, good selection of manga as long as you are able to read Japanese. Stop complaining about no English.
1	Belissiomo Ho piaciatto
1	Dr Panda's Home It is a great game and very fun
1	Great UI, even better routing. This app knows London like no other, and the striker busting mode works very well.
1	Omg This works guys ir said words
1	Nightingale Beautiful
1	Just on thing pls read I dunno what the heck it goin  on but I'm at level 7 and where the heck is my first dog I dunno that ether, it won't let me have my new pack member because it thinks I'm  not touching it pls fix this glitch Pls
1	Absolutely fantastic.  Love playing this game.  Play it every night
1	Love it But i want to Have a larger map And logging equipment
1	Is one of the best games I have played Yup
1	I love it Your the apple to my pie and the straw to my berry your  the smoke to my high and your the one I want to marry
1	Awesome It's more than real
1	Jojo Kpjj
1	Awesome fighting game ever I love dis game, but hate downloading patches after defeating every masters. Other dan that its 5 star
1	Is great. I love this game with a passion of 100 burning dwarf stars. Its a fun game and it helps my mind open up to puzzles a small bit more.
1	Fantastic Great for caching
1	Classic App. I used to read this stories at night.  Last part is really good regaeding charactor.
1	Dsire Nyc app.. Find ol d hidden things, escape.. Just simple.. Lots of fun.. Gr8 app for those who lyks adventurous things.. Who loves to find things... Play it.. Lyk it.. Rate it..
1	Good, locked myself out at first but like it now
1	Good N best games.....
1	helps me remember
1	very nice cool game
1	It's awesome It's kool its bringing hard but easy guesses in one game
1	I love this game
1	I don't know what number 26 is
1	Very good 
1	Adds Always adds. Otherwise the best timepass.
1	Finally a game I will play on my phone Totally awesome. Love it. Loved playing it on the 360 and love this just as much. Thank you.
1	
1	Very addictive I like the new towers they have. Well balanced.
1	Gin Rummy Great game, great animation,Been playing more than a year...never a problem 
1	Love this game I love this game it is so fun and great to play when you are bored or need something to do i recommend it
1	Nice Nice
1	Autism tool I bought this app as recommended by my autistic 2 yr olds speech therapist.  Its fantastic Had issues at first, but after uninstalling and redoing, fixed the issue.
1	WOW What makes this game so good is on the harder levels strategy will only get you so far. Luck is a major factor. Ive been playing for almost a year now and have yet to beat the hardest level. I hope she makes more games.
1	A dream game that I wanted on phone Fixed all nice great job is must to purchase, must purchase icewind dale as well 100 support beamdog dnd fan please make temple of elemental evil as well
1	Lovely  site
1	Great app Works well when you have uber issued iphone. Referral gt SZUMH lt New drivers recieve 300 new riders recive 25 credit. Thanks Uber.
1	Perfection
1	Really nicely executed Great puzzle and fab interface
1	Great game
1	Love it It's literally the only app that I've found for my rooted Boost Mobile LG Tribute phone that gets passed the tether block Totally worth the few bucks. Keep up the good work Fobio
1	The best so far I've tried most of the other android comic viewers and although this one is basic in many ways that is also its best feature.  The infinite scroll through pages makes this very easy to control.
1	Awesome A wide variety of games to choose from. I found traditional favorites and new to me. The rules came in handy to learn new or refamiliarize. Inexpensive hours of fun.
1	Great Use it daily for a dash camera on my G35. Works great Especially if one were to be in an accident Love that it works with my OBDII sensor Totally worth the 5
1	Love this game Best zombie game I've played in a very long time.  Its two great types of games put into one.  Driving and shooting doesn't get better than that
1	Great Wonderful
1	Muy Lindo exelente app A Mi Beba le encanta la gallinita   pintadita Ella sent dibierte por ESO me gusta mucho tan bien
1	Great App I love everything about this app and haven't experienced any problems.
1	Well since it helps with if not all singup stuff I'm rating this 5 stars.
1	Useful game ... It only need a worldcup  MUMH No idea
1	Turk alot is so fun always wanted to meet Nikki
1	Fun Love it I'm addicted. So easy to play in a short period of time
1	Great app Week done mate.
1	Nice companion on my run It would be cool if the distance and time showed up on the phone's lock screen all I see is that it is running, but no data, but other than that, its been great to have as I'm getting back into shape. Thanks.
1	Addictive Love this game.   I am hopelessly addicted.
1	Works perfect again Thanks
1	Panchtantra in Hindi very usefull app
1	Great. Cant see no more than 4 mangas in vol. 29 an only 5 in vol. 30. I like the little icon at the end of each vol. Touch it and it will move
1	PIN BALL IS GREAT, I LOVE IT.... THANKS FOR BRINGING IT BACKMAY FATHER JESUS BLESS YOUALL....PEACELOVE.. LARRY CRAIG PORTER FLUTEMAN  GOD BLESS
1	Awesome When I can't play my favorite cooperative card game, this awesome port is always nearby. Love it
1	Great
1	Awesome Why can't the stock camera be this awesome, after playing with this for 10 mins delete other camera apps and replaced stock icon with this one. Update even after 3 years I still freaking love this app.
1	My grandchild Nice but not free
1	Knowledge gainer app
1	THA BEST BEST BEST BEST GAME EVER I love it halris I know I spelled it wrong the only thing is the errow part it won't let me do it BUT ITS STILL A GOOD GAME
1	Very Nice app, works good, looks good
1	Great antivirus app My phone gets overheat due to autostart app. And it consumes power very quickly. Now this app trace and kill. Great app so far.
1	Fly game This is so fly ill get it a rate of 5 it so good
1	Great app
1	Wonderful game. An awesome buy. Loved every second of this game. Great for 3
1	A lifesaver if you ever need to reset your phone. However,  does not automatically backup bookmarks, so you have to periodically back them up and  if desired  upload to cloud.
1	Fixed on Lollipop the exit app function still doesn't work from the notification pull down panel on my Note 3  with Lollipop.
1	Awesome Great application really enjoy
1	Love the app Always comes in handy. Never any problems.
1	Best app ever I luv this app so much
1	Rummy Very nice apps
1	Challenging... Sometimes frustrating in a good way addictive
1	1010 worth it. I bought this game out of a whim. I really enjoy its hilarious and a great game with lots of replay ability.
1	Awesome It works
1	It's cool Nice. It is stupid but it's entertaining and fun
1	Nice and simple Easy to play l good graphics its a petty that its difficult to evolve without paying for coins...
1	Its a cool game Its funny when tom faints lol and the dog gets a pail of watter
1	Tracks and Drivers Need Knoxville, IA for sure. Chad Simpson and Scott Bloomquist is needed. Need for cautions and possibly victory lane. Also the ability to do heats and mains.
1	really like it but it keeps dying on my phone so I have to keep uninstalling and redownloading. I guess that helps the download number if people hard to download it again and again
1	Great Very fun, no annoying adds or prompts to buy stuff so is great. Very fun
1	This is ok
1	This App is awesome I had a small problem and emailed about it and got a response within 30 minutes. This works great and is cheaper than buying a range finder.
1	Samsung Galaxy 5 Keeps the little grey cells working
1	wow keep it up.
1	Love it Good game, classic style, good battery life, HOWEVER JUST ONE THING PLEASE ENABLE LANDSCAPE MODE
1	Joy to play and learn a few songs
1	Wow With the moga pro this plays as close to a console game as I've  For those having trouble getting the moga pro to hook up, press the power A button once the game is loading and again at the start screen
1	Wits at their best I can never match
1	City helicopter I love this 3d game andi like this game
1	Great game,  very addictive.
1	Great game I just wish that I could not finish it within a couple hours...I also do not like that you have to pay for additional levels..besides that..it's a nice game
1	Fantastic but i don't  like to buy and i remove it
1	I love that game
1	The Best Running or Walking App I love this app, it is accurate, idk, just keeps me motivated and on track. I also love the live cheering section, make me wanna push harder.
1	Great Easy to understand for children, thanks
1	Clever, addicting A nice way to pass the time
1	Great game Type bones8008 in as your friend request after the tutorial. You and I will both receive some free stuff.
1	Awesome Love it and say the word c.a.f that means create .artist and  fashionable.
1	Cool This game is cool but I  because it is better than any other football game I had but I recommend downloading it
1	About robot If we are dissconnected then robot sell lands on double price without thinking wether it is necessary or not
1	Addicting Can't put it down, want to see how far I can get haha
1	Janette Thanks 
1	So cool 
1	Kids ABC phonics lite I love this app it helps my daughter a lot I just love it
1	It really good
1	Awesome
1	Great Game Love it Played it once can't stop playing it now. So addicting
1	Awesome This Game is too gud
1	It is what it is. Its a game thats been on phones for years. Ive always found it to be fun
1	The coolest. Love this game. Very addictive. Constantly adding new challenges.
1	Best app in the world But you really should make more play home apps like my play home work and my play home doctor also you should add more clothes for the babies
1	Great free fun This game is great. It is fun, easy to use, does not crash. The only drawback is that my 4 year old son runs off with phone all the time Galaxy S2
1	Great improvements Love it now I asked for a voice over and you got it in I have a YouTube account called Its Haley and this is the editor I use for it Love everything about it now
1	great games best seen, fun, challenging.  wish were more mahjong games like these.  GB best to play.
1	Love this game Great graphics  in this game it  is worth it
1	I'm amazed that people seem to be having issues with crashes and freezes.  I've had no problems and I absolutely love this game. I have developed some great rivalries against very challenging opponents. Really a lot of fun and addicting
1	The most extreme android RPG to date. I think. Must play it now, if you like sky rim and oblivion
1	Like It It's awesome. It teaches you how to drive. I can't  really say much about it.
1	Awesome Thrill is gone.
1	Awesome App Song suggestions Metallica Fade to Black,  Metallica Welcome Home Sanitarium,  Metallica Nothing else Matters, Metallica One, Metallica The Call of Ktulu, Metallica  The Unforgiven
1	Please Do a Chris Brown One
1	Piano I love it so much  I learned how to play twinkle twinkle little star
1	Great simple game Love this game it is very simple something quick I can do to take time outta of my stressful day
1	Awesome game.  Gypsy is a tank with tiger claws.
1	Y88x To root this device, used kingo ROOT one click from PC. Took me 2  tries to get it right.
1	Bloom boom Great game awesome I hope they 'll inhance it
1	 love it 
1	Clock  weather Hope to see good
1	Great App Really great app. If you don't have it you need to get it
1	Loved it Superb.game I have ever played..lots of things in just 14mbs...boss ye to superb hai
1	Best TT app Definitely best in market. Graphics, Quality, Animation, Speed, Gameplay, Difficulty, etc. Are all very good and that makes the game very addictive. I love this game a lot.
1	Duh Of course its easy it says five and UNDER
1	Cool This game don't have much ads at all it is like your driving a real car love this game so much can't stop playing adictive to me
1	Great game Love this game, reminds me of old school games. Love the necromancer the best, fun fun. Keep up the great work guys
1	This game looks  good  I'll try it
1	Awesome app I really like the options for different colors. I also like the overall easy setup. Good work guys
1	Yay works great on the new phone
1	PERFECT I love all about this game from the graphic,gameplay,character and more  please keep update the game
1	Loving this awhsome app Very easy to use app extremely fast loading and just a fantastic application....good job.
1	Amazing One Of The Best Puzzle Games That I Played This Is Challenges My Head And Makes Me Smarter
1	Classy, sleek, and intriguing... Original game mechanics true to its roots and a minimalist visual style make this game worth every penny.
1	Love this widget.  Is it possible to make a weather app without the clock or have some way to hide the clock.
1	Why it tries to get root access Since some moment this app tries to get superuser access for something. But why
1	I love nicki O. M. G.
1	Can't get past level 88 Great game I rate it 5 out of 5
1	Great One of the best games I have ever played
1	Pandas Loved it
1	I love this app Mark Crilley does such a good job at drawing and teaches the basic steps of human anatomy. If you are interested in manga then don't hesitate to download this app.
1	Haunted house reminds me of the game I play at El Dorado. Its fun especially if you get 1st3rd place ha.
1	Compulsive Enertainment I don't always agree with the choices or invalid word choices but not enough to impact my play.
1	Very good apps
1	Really good But... Good But... u should make it where we can carry stuff and make it float That would be great Thanks
1	Best solitaire game ever  This game rules dudes download it now before they start charging for it
1	This is metal. Yeah, it's kinda metal.
1	I love it but I could give 5 stars if the limit f Spidey Meter s at least 10. But still I love d game a lot.... Getting addict 2 t BT feeling worse while I need 2 wait 4 refilling Spidey.... Please change this
1	Very helpful
1	Great No lag, or other issues people are complaining about on my Note ll. Crisp, vibrant graphics and smooth game play make this cart racer the one to have
1	You don't have to wait for the coins. Just hit the spin button    It's a fun game.
1	Grand daughter daughter loves it
1	Like it  i love it. So cute panda
1	Wonderfully done Great game and no in app costs or ads kids love it I teach pre k and have 8 grandkids in this age range . Thanks for this fun filled game and great memories we are making
1	Awesom It the best game ever made
1	Great app Lots of info. Works just like it should. Can't wait for the app to evolve it only gets better from here.
1	Love this... Now i connect my mobile without data cablessss
1	Best converter but needs widget Absolutely brilliant, simple design. But could really do with a widget for quick conversions 
1	Love Love LoVe LOVE user friendly, never crashes.
1	Looks can be deceiving It looked like it sucked but its pretty good I recommend it. its a call of duty version of clash of clans.
1	It is the best
1	PLZ MAKE ANOTHER SIMULATOR Can u plz make a deer simulator Plz It can live in the forest and u can have a heard of 7 or something. Plz make it u make the greatest simulations ever D
1	crazy creativity where is more clever gaming you can not answer.
1	Galinha Pintadinha Meus netos amam a galinha pintadinha EM PORTUGUS. Quero meus 3 dvds , pelos quais paguei, de volta. NO quero em ingls. Eles so brasileiros. Favor devolver TODAS as msicas dos TRS dvds.
1	This is a great game For everyone who WANTS maps that's new and released for Call of Duty BLACK OPS 2 ZOMBIES u need to BUY them urself on XBOX 360 XBOX ONE ect. Because this is Call of duty BLACK OPS 1 This is not BLACK OPS 2
1	Nice Got my PRO back from 9GAG First
1	Imma try it out This is so awsom
1	 Very fun game its really good five stars and five hearts as well 
1	Need full version for android jellybean Great app but can't get the full version on my android bauhn 4.3
1	Gives a lot of nice features And it has lots to explore with the many mini games and therefor it gives the kids lots to do at the airport plus it covers everything from arriving to departure
1	Huge catalogue, high quality, frequent sales, a number of free issues, dedicated and competent customer service, easy to browse even for absolute newbies. This app is just perfect
1	Awesome Took my a little researching to find out how to partition my SD card, but once I got it done and tried the free version it worked wonders. I purchased this to support the creator.
1	Awesome Pesn to co potebuju, nejsou tam dn zbyten a nepotebn informace.
1	Bike racing The game is okay but directing the driver is a prblm wtht the arrws
1	Fun
1	Works great Had an issue backing up my apps cause no room on internal sd card. Please provide an option to save to external sd card which has heaps of space on my phone.
1	Very well done. Pretty hilarious. The adds a quite annoying but they have to make money somehow.
1	X
1	Best solitare game available. Large variety. Easy to use. Descriptions are easy to understand,  and occasionally I will actually win  So far this is the best I've found.
1	OMG It's so great and scary It scared the heck out of me I like it but it's too scary Especially the camera that has ghosts in them Thanks for making this prank, scary app
1	Chan aahe
1	Codeword Great game once you figure it out.  I Love It
1	Adictive Can't put it away since I installed it, would love some more categories and less politics
1	I'm having so much fun with this app And it being priced 34p is not over priced
1	Overall the best monitor camera app It is one of the best app for my foscam camera with many features. Developer consistently update the app which is good in my book. Wish there is an iOS version.
1	
1	AWESOME What a great game. I wish I came up with it. The best game on the Android platform by far.
1	very useful to me, ive learned so many new words. truly helps you build up you vocabulary. sad that is kinda pricy but i guess that is what it takes 
1	I love  it
1	Osm... Good
1	Doesn't seem to work with Lollipop
1	Pretty challenging honestly. Great graphics. Nice thought provoking concept
1	I love this game because I can make any nail polish without any problems but the problem is that when get 2 last figer s they buy full version for your game
1	NEW MODES Great game but...... Classic Campaign as main mode isn't what I would pay five euro for. It would be great if you added Highlight Reels, All Star  Weekend with Slam Dunk Contest and a NBA Full Season. Great game BTW.
1	Best Game Love this game thank you Rockstar. Just can't believe all the idiot 5 year Olds requesting their money back cause they finished the game. All i can say i is. . . WOW No wonder this world is heading to crap
1	Dog lover I have a dog
1	To  Egghead It has come to my attention that you have two logic puzzle apps. Do the two apps contain any of the same puzzles
1	Khaliah Sabrina Eichelberger Love it  it was fun  but you will only have7  games to play on it  but you would  need 200 coins to get another
1	Great Game even though I'm a '03 baby. I got them all More please
1	Brilliant This taught my nearly 2 year old twinkle twinkle little star
1	Great work...liked it
1	a bloody rippa. it was hard to find the time to rate this  because it's so hard to stop playing.  seriously   
1	Cool game Great to kill boring
1	Samsung galaxy 4 I absolutely LOVE this app Have an amazing life  God bless 
1	Nice It could be updated with more but it is excellent.
1	Must try  I love every bit of it. The modes, the graphics. Just try it and you will rate it 5 too...
1	Refreshing mind Best to relax, kill time and to do some mild brain works  55 for the game, graphics and thousands of levels
1	Works very well.
1	Love this game
1	We need the colors app Could you make an app with the colors version my daughter loves this app and the color section on you free app but I can't afford the 35 membership. I will purchase the colors app as soon as it comes available
1	Awesome game ever...but coins are in euro so I cant understand how to play..please give detailed instructions with example of 1 for that one.thanku
1	Awesome I have played through multiple times,  love the time trials too. Online tournaments would be fun.  Game is smooth and stable,  only a couple tiny glitches that don't really affect playability. Great game
1	Loved it Need to shorten the time for me to say today this is a very fun game on the hard one is hard and medium is medium easy is really easy .
1	Fantastic Everything you could want, works flawlessly
1	Basic Game with simple gaming  no complications My 4 Year son likes playing this game very much.
1	FABULOUS This app has really helped me improve my vocabulary skills and I've only had it for two weeks. It's very helpful and I'd recommend it for anyone looking to do well on the ACTs.
1	I love this Best app ever because it works so well more than other apps. I will keep this app forever I promise I will this app forever . I volunteer   minahil  sajjad should play this with me
1	Awesome Love it
1	Amazing Thia is an amazing app so much fun and so much to do i highly recommend it
1	I love I play it every day none stop
1	Grayson TULEY My beautiful baby boy who is 15 months loves it
1	Fantasy Football app Dope...ready 4 season
1	Awesome time pass I just keep sticking with this game as the name reveals it all STICK CRICKET....I love to chase big targets
1	We love this. Very nice app.
1	cool somehow this fixed the clock issue on my S6
1	Awesome Good graphics and lots of fun.
1	Love it... Absolutely fabulous and useful app Very user friendly...not a waste at all
1	Why is it not being my avenge  up for example my avenge as been 144 then I bowl 223212190150170144189201.the avenge stead the same. Johnny utah
1	Aweeeeeeeesome game Not so bad but when we play the game suddenly it will start from the beginning if this is not there this game is the best
1	Excellent I like it
1	In love At first its hard to find but you will get all the words in a min to 2 mins
1	Really Helpful for unknowns Let me salute to the developer for creating such a nice app. For nondelhite....It's a wonderful app to commute from Delhi metro rails
1	Great My 2 yr old daughter loves it and it is perfect for her homeschooling. The app works perfectly on my android box and cell. For those who tried to download it and it may not work, maybe try subscribing. The app is free, not the programming.
1	Awesome It's a fun and addicting word association game. I love the way it makes me think
1	 
1	excellent application it moved tones of data and dex from applications that can only be installed in phone's internal memory to my sd card making it possible to download even more applications.
1	Good Education My baby brother is 5 and he isn't very or sha'll I say was because this app helped him Soooo me and I love Intellijoy apps thank you Soooo please make more educational apps
1	Love it. I've seen a similar type program used in the show ghost adventurers and it measures changes in the atmosphere and interprets it into words.
1	Love this game
1	This game is fun for my little cousin ps. I'm ten years old and it's fun for me
1	Love it. Please add 18 images
1	Engaging their imaginations Great app
1	MLP JUST AMAZING
1	My god sis My god sis loves it
1	Good realistic game App works well,  but it would be good to be able to play a full match in this version
1	Addictive A great little game to fill in time, ie waiting for appointments etc.
1	Great game,  although I think I enjoyed the simplicity of 10000000 a bit more.  However, I highly recommend both games. Perfect pick up and play type of game. Great time killer
1	Very good Good good good excellent app good work 9app
1	More Layers This is by far,the best free app for sketching I found.I give 5 stars,but one little thing I want And I'm sure others want tooAt least 5 layers.Is really hard to work with only 3 layers.
1	Plz make the whole song Its so fun but it would be better if  you could play the whole song 
1	Good game Make it as a multiplayer game but plz don't remove single player option.. Need work more on graphics..but it's a very good game for spending times. Thank u
1	Wurdle Rocks I looked everywhere for a good word game. Glad I found wurdle
1	Just Ok  So many items locked
1	You'll love it All in all its worth your buck,it's a solid converter with everything you need plus some.i love the compass feature
1	love it  Played this on my old iPhone and it's just as good that
1	Level 1 Too easy,I can win the stage
1	The best. I bought the pro version to support the great work. This is absolutely the best weather app.
1	Awesome Its awesome when you get bored you just do this and you can guess your favorite food
1	Good ply
1	Feature request Could you add a way to save and review saved games
1	Hahah The first thing to be uploaded on my tablet. The whole thing wants me to make an ironmanthemed device.
1	I love this game,but.. when I get to level or rank 16,when I press the button to put the whipped cream it freezes my whole phone and I have to shut it off. Please fix this I want to play again
1	Wowwwww My sister try to steal my private photosssss hah..I know Cuz I have the picture
1	Sgs4 root lollipop. Does the trick. Ps pep's this app will not show up in your app list unless you find it in settings. Does what it says on to in though
1	My 2yrs old loves it 
1	Thank you Thank you for the update sega,I can see that you truly worked hard. This fame is the most addictive and fun mobile game I've ever played
1	Great Its amazing but the only thing is when you play the mini games your time runs out way to quickly
1	awesome it is the coolest game ever .I recommend you to download this
1	Love, Love, love
1	 ,OK  
1	Great game. Wasnt expecting much from a phone app... im hooked now though. Warning Highly addictive
1	Great fun for long or short periods Quick and super responsive, clever mechanics and good graphics 
1	Fun game I really love this game, but it can use more levels. 
1	Spurb
1	Simple Usually play this when i have something to think through.  Basic easy  no time limit stress free play.
1	Anything you could possibly want My phone always matches my mood and zedge has the variety i need to make that happen and its FREE thats always a good thing.
1	Just like real console game Loved this game for my 360 and now love it on my phone and tablet. Thanks EA
1	Cool game This a cool game 
1	Very good
1	Love Love...Love...Love...Love....
1	Excellent
1	Improving on the best Neutron was already amazing with the 4 band, now epandandable 10 band eq  You people rule
1	This is so cool You can shoot people and shoot in tanks and ride in tanks and cars Whoa
1	Cv attachment Why  cant you attach a CV when replying to jobs or how do you do itThx for fixing this issue guys
1	Graphical For such great graphics out don't take up a lot of room on your device. Fun to watch. There are similar games to this but not quite as appealing
1	5 stars for the idea It's different, but that's what people like. And to guy that mentioned the diamonds were useless, just remember that Mario couldn't spend his coins in MOST games anyway
1	Best messaging app ever No lags.. no signing in or out. ..always up to mark... awesome. ...can't think without whatsapp
1	              
1	Great app Great app, and it does NYTimes crosswords. My only gripe is that it doesn't use my phone's native keyboard, but that is a minor issue at worst. If you are a crossword addict, get it. Only thing better is paper.
1	Excellent app Tried quite a few of the competitors and none come close. This is a must have
1	The Hey lte Das spill hab ich seid kuzen und Das spill ist ssssuuuppppaaa
1	Awesome The best game ever played in my life. It is just superb and amazing
1	had play it were using Saga, and now S860, still fantastic tho...
1	Where did all my gold coins go. I had 350 coins, went from lvl 91 to 92 and all coins disappeared. I now have one coin
1	Ewar I  give it 5 stars .
1	So far so good Lol looks like we get to criticize your game. Atleast it's not a load of garbage actually rather fun would recommend.
1	Bugs bugs bugs no more Buttons don't work half the time. And I couldn't finish the game because of a bug. It's a great little game, if they manage to fix it. Edit All fixed now.
1	Old school jam Plays really good love it 1.23 can't beat it 
1	Fun I just bought this one and its way better then the free one
1	Great for learning Its such a great app for kids to learn. There should be more free apps...
1	.
1	Level 70 is possible u just gotta keep trying. I beat all 350 levels and once u get to 350, the game keeps ur current score and goes back to level 1. I am on level 180 for the second time around. Great game. I have lots of hours spent on this game.
1	Super tank battle Cool
1	Great app... Only issue I had was that the brightness setting came defaulted so low I couldn't read the screen in daylight. Changed setting indoors to match phone brightness, works fine now
1	OMG so great big big rate's
1	Just awesome game but when I changed my device I cannot transfer my level and inventory in new device. I don't know why. Can developer team explain me this. Please help me transfer my statistics into new device.
1	GLITCH I am experiencing a glitch where the boss music during the Ymir fight plays over the background music. It's annoying because I like the boss music and I can't listen to it because of the crappy mine music
1	Excellent design across the board Clever and elegant translation of the franchise to this platform. Visual and gameplay design is fittingly sharp for a formally slick series, and the boardgame aesthetic particularly clever.
1	Liv Love  love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love  it
1	One more go.. Great game but pulling tricks off can be a bit random using the on screen controls. Would love to see some blood when you hit your face into the side of a cliff...
1	I love this Love it
1	Almost Flawless My cameras work very well with this app
1	Great Game I use it anytime I'm waiting for appointments or just relaxing at home.
1	Beast I love this game its beast 
1	Good one Simple game.but very ADDICTIVE I frickin love it.keep up tha good work kairosoft
1	Awesome
1	Blackjack trainer pro Real good for practice.
1	Looks good I just downloaded the app. Look very professional.
1	Awesome app Would like to see more country riffs
1	Its An incredible app I now that its a bit hard but just try it and you will  pass  the logo
1	App works great Love it.
1	Great game Occasional minor tile placement problems, game is fun and well designed.
1	Word search I love to look for all the words and see how many other words I can find
1	Awesoooome My favorite game right after Earthbound and Golden Sun. The graphics on this is better than the GBA version.
1	GREAT GAME. I really do enjoy this game. It challenges me with its variety and I don't get bored.
1	Awesome game U should make a mudding usa game
1	It's become critical to my weekend planning Depending on direction,strength and tides dictates where my weekend will take place. App is accurate and effective. Love it. Also one of the few app that is better on my iPhone 
1	Very addictive  lots of fun The best ever
1	Great Good fun but can't find anyone to play with online. Ai doesn't put up a challenge. Good variety in different characters.
1	2good,,,,,,, like this application 
1	It's great I absolutely love meeting and talking to new people and now u can do it on a global scale.
1	If you liked 1000000000, you will LOVE YMBaB Great match 3 gameplay mixed with RPG elements.  No microtransaction nonsense, a great value.
1	Loooved it App was a big help. Worked perfectly, I have zero complaints, and huge thanks to the builders.
1	Nice Game I like this game
1	Like Superb game
1	Yes  very well made Good to play
1	love it I. Play this by the hour
1	According to me thats a awesome application I have ever seen a before u got 10 by 10
1	Good. I really like this game on my LG G3 Vigor although sometimes it gets repetitive because there is not like a story line or background of this game but otherwise it is good and sometimes addicting.
1	NAIL SALON 2 I LOVE DOING NAILS, THE GAME IS VERY EXCITING
1	Amazing app If u like anime girls this is the best app for hot anime girl pictures
1	Cool game It is a very cool game and because of this game I am a good cricket player
1	Awesome I had to find an app for my little brother and I was going to get ABC mouse but I personally don't have a credit card cause im 14
1	Fun Good design, good variety of games.
1	Hats off Not just incredible  rich sound , this app also useful in teaching chord progression of particular scales.
1	Number 1 This game is awesome nothing could beat this game I give it number 1 of all games
1	My son is a great drawer but thos can him even better
1	Good Game .. BUTTT .. I can't get over level 30 . why  Cause I suck .
1	Love it. Glad I purchased. Love. Glad I purchased full version. Just need more songs now. She talks to angels for starters 
1	Scary  No Words Bro. No words.
1	Really cool app Saves you the time of having to go learn some new fishing holes
1	Samsung Galaxy S4 Can't think of a thing wrong  hence 5. I like the feel and atmosphere  it's kind of quiet 
1	Drum set I love it
1	Awesome app Very useful if you wanna clear codes or just wanna find out info about your car
1	This is a favorite of mine. As close to the old school Vegas slots I can play without actually being in Vegas. Love all the game options
1	Love it
1	Excellent app Running without a single issue. Cyanogenmode on s2
1	Awesome
1	Love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love 
1	Love it If you made the others,  I would buy every single one of them
1	Fun Addictve gameplaying game Since i was a little girl,.. I have loved nothing more but playing hidden object games and also puzzle games,..
1	God Bless You This is the best game out for Christians. It is bringing knowledge and truth to the world. Great Job
1	I think this is pretty kewl I've got idea for a weapon how about throwing stars or maybe blow gun a few exotic swords or even bows both compound and or cross just a thought looking toward the next update
1	Great Widget  This is what I was looking for 
1	Fair play Great game. Balanced logic. You don't won every time and you don't feel like the game is cheating. Nice work.
1	I love adventure of Ted 2 This is the game I truly love playing I like to play level by level adventure and this game provides new adventure in every level. 5 stars from me
1	Challenging This game is really fun to play with, with your family for you can all guess and have fun. It's a great thing to do alone or with friends and family.
1	Nice. I Love it. Nicely placed letters in the grid.Challenging and attractive word game. SGII. India.
1	Same as many before me... I too didn't need the pro features, but wanted to support the dev.  Thanks for a great app
1	Omg so fun I love ninja go and this game is fun I've had it before and loved it soo much this is a must play for kids D
1	Once you get the hang of it it gets easier edit im still playing this game when iget bored ill never get tired of theguy falling its hilarious u cna change the diffuculty people
1	Perfect with friends, or strangers Discovered this by playing with complete strangers on the bus, and had a blast Great for road trips with friends, at a party, or while waiting in long lines
1	Elsk det Utrolig artig og lrerikt, anbefales sterkt
1	I love this app, very informative,  and easy to understand
1	Awesome app Easy to use. I backed up my data to the Google drive,  and was able to restore all the information onto new phone in minutes. .
1	The best android app but lollipop ..
1	Cool game I've noticed that whenever someone decides to write a review for any game, it's almost always for negative reasons but this game truly is a cool game, so thanks guys
1	SD Maid Unlocker Pro Adds To SD Maid And Makes It Work Mutch Better
1	I loved this game very much Thanks
1	I love the sound of the ocean Please add more themes.
1	Wow Amazing Great game
1	Com Amazing
1	loven it yeah
1	Great game While I think the first game was a little more engrossing probably since I didn't know what to expect, this is a fine sequel and highly recommended.  Looking forward to part 3
1	Very addictive As others have stated. Hard enough to tax your brain but not too tough that it completely frustrates you.
1	Number 1 Android utility app. This app is the best for cleaning unused files off your Android device  it has an excellent file manager too.
1	Awesome game, and make me addict it
1	Great game and I highly recommend it Great RPG
1	Awasome Very helpfull to learn...
1	Mahjong Master Great game. User friendly. Reliable. Very impressed
1	band game love it
1	Play Real Football 2015 Game Great game, very exciting and I like play this game
1	Good good good good good good
1	Best
1	i liked it the horse is the best pet because wherever you go you can ride it diba kayu anung gusto nyu maging pet sa akin ay kabayo heeh OOOo
1	Fun, and very cute The only issue I have with this game is the fact that she doesn't close her eyes when you soap her up in the bath. You know that's gotta be painful...
1	Besiar khobo kamel.vali nemishf full versionesho gerft
1	     
1	3 So cute, i really love this game D
1	Very renjoyabkre
1	Great Enjoyable
1	It now works on my phone Thank you for fixing the game. I,'be been playing it since the last update and it has been really fun.
1	Love it 
1	Thank you thank you thank you Love this app. Helped me so much. THANK YOU FOR MAKING THIS
1	James Middleotn Possibly the best app i have ever paid for. It allows you to clean up most of the memory space on a device and i can now finally install more games like fifa 15
1	Baus This game is wonderful. Only complaint in first section of chamber of the Mageblade, it would not allow me to pick up boxes. I have shut down gamephone multiple times to no avail. If that could be fixed, fantabulous
1	Perfect Does exactly what you need. Makes life easier so thanks 
1	Amazing This is the best game that I have ever played and I highly recommend this games as its a great price for what an awesome game it is.   Must Get
1	Love it Omg I've actually gone addictive to it I even play it at night xD  . BTW it's quite hard sometimes but that makes it even more exited 55 really good
1	Mahjong is good Better to buy. Get rid of the ads and it's a fun game. Very addictive. Told ma pal Frederick to sell his dankey and buy this
1	Ok Needs all the levels to be unlocked
1	Love it  I very very love it and not just me my brother too because he also love songs and ................I don't know how to say that this game is very very much awesome I LOVE IT 
1	Son Loves It My sons speech therapist had this on her 'fruit' tablet. He loves it and learned to recognize and say all of his letters within a week of putting it on his tablet. Thanks a ton
1	best game ever on a phone
1	Great game Very fantastic game keep it up developers.
1	Gud Eat my lado
1	Was good... Can't open after latest update says Application no longer installed and I can only access it through the market.
1	Great game it runs really well on the xperia z no issues so far. Good job ea
1	John Smit I really enjoy doing the crosswords. Great value for money.
1	Give option to pay for ad removal or its gone. Another great title. Zero issues running on HTC sensation with custom ics  although I keep data disabled for the most part, keeps ads away I would gladly pay a few dollars for an add free version
1	I love this game Although there's a bug it happens when the ad comes up every three levels or so which wouldn't be a problem, it crashed the app and saved my level. If you fix it I'll totally keep playing and recommend
1	Yareli Medina This is the best game
1	LOVE IT something for any mood
1	Funkelgump Great game Needs notifications then 5 stars, otherwise brilliant.
1	Great innovation. Getting my credit profile in the comfort of my home, even from the most rural part of the country. Thumbs up guys 
1	Great game. Fun all the way, not boring and difficult enough for all ages. Of course it should be longer, though... the fun should never end
1	Beautiful Still attempting to understand the rules fully, but either way I'm enjoying the game and the graphics are top notch.
1	My favorite game ever.  
1	The new update is fast The best security app out there,and the latest update is fast and reliable.
1	Amazing Lovely
1	Love it Thanks 4 getting back 2 me.
1	Awesome
1	Good game i love it Simple and there it a lot of things to buy keep it up                one question  how can i use nearby to play with friends 
1	This game rocks like punk rock I love this game... I keep playing Longview by Green Day... It's true.
1	Awesome This is one of the best games out there Check it out
1	Give more info than the basic version. Full details about your root access.
1	Fun and interested I like playing this game it help me think and clear my mind when I'm stressed out...
1	Great app Decided to grab the pro after using the basic one.
1	Great game My favorite for playing Sudoku at all levels from easy to very difficult. A very fun and challenging game.
1	It is the best game
1	Best shoe. App on the world Great app I love it
1	All of your Apps are amaziiing But one more thing, I wish you can create an App which can combine all of our recordings in drums, guitars, and bass guitar and we can compose a song. Hope you can do iiit
1	Don't get me wrong.... I liked the game. I enjoyed playing as all the gems and the storyline was great but it was kinda short lived. Well new stuff be added soon
1	Damm  Best of the best GAME EVER   Good Game, Smart game for fun  I give u 10 stars. Thanks a lot of.
1	So detailed Lots of little  touches, clothes, lights, food, so many different things For the amount of playtime this app has seen, great value Thank you 
1	The haters suck My dad bought me this game. And I love it. The 2.99 game is cool but almost 3.00 get this one. My dad is the best. Love him
1	YAY I've been waiting for falcon sim I always have wanted to know what it's like to be a falcon Here's my saying don't just fly... Fly like a falcon
1	Loved it.... It is a great online comic... I love reading it everyday...The graphics are nice and some even have sound effects...
1	Really fun.
1	Super addictive Very addicted  Love playing against friends, brings out the competitive nature
1	Brilliant game... very addictive. 
1	My addiction... Can never get enough of this game. It keeps my mind challenged, and stimulates me to learn new words. My suggestion pick opponents with similar or more advanced skills, to keep things interesting
1	Star Quality This is one of the best for local and international journey assistance and constantly they are updating new cities  just wonderful.
1	It is fun My daughter loves it.
1	Badass Man even if u don't like Spiderman download this game you'll love. It'one of the best Spiderman games I've ever played N it definitely comepares to the PS2 games I've played
1	Best phone game I've ever played This is but far my favorite mobile game.  Good gameplay,  not much battery drain, a dark theme, and cheap. This is for the paid version. I haven't tried the free
1	Awesome man What a game I have became the fan of all the stickman games I love every  stickman games you have created and I installed all in my device
1	Leo's Fortune Graphics  are amazing  and the background animations are stunning. The game itself is fun and entertaining. The main character is funny and is fun to play.
1	I LOVE IT Am ten and in school we'll watch it and Moby the robot is funny Tim and Moby and the little girl and Moby mostly Tim and Moby
1	good
1	Really nice.  Add Bach's Ariso for 6 stars
1	Finally Finally get this game after so many weeks.. Best turn based strategy game I have played..
1	Room trilogy please From the moment I bought it, I couldn't put it down. I honestly never comment on games, but I definitely took the time to write comment for this one. Highly recommended and very entertaining.
1	Hahaha dope Good game with smooth controls, lags sometimes but just for 5 secs for the first game in the day which doesn't matter much.
1	Awsome Mua game
1	Fun Definitely Challenging the higher you get
1	Good for practice... Lots of cool situations...
1	zero hour works awesome on every Android device I have even the low powered ones flawless execution gamelofthavoc..well done
1	Really fun and challenging I love this game. It's difficult at times but not too much. I like that new additions add to the challenge so it's not repetitive.
1	Traimiaa opinion . We should get a lot of energy .  the luhh k things .  adoption should not be soo high . But other than that , I give it 5 stars.  
1	Really I herd that foxy just wanted to hug you but he hap like a sound box and all that and when he pops out he made the security guard have hart attack so yaaa not mean
1	Best Game For Time Pass I love it. I don't like this type of game but I download this and I love it now it my 8 FAVOURITE game..
1	You've come a long way Ghost Radar This little app has come a long way. I've been using Ghost Radar since it first appeared in the App Store.
1	Best version of this game ever I love this version of ffiv and I can't wait to play this over and over. If you love any title in this series or any RPG I recommend you give this legacy title a try.
1	Awesome Wooooooooooooo for the makers to this game
1	Tamanna
1	WORDFEUD Fun Very addictive
1	awesome love this game
1	Uno Good game....fun fun fun, but they cheated me out of the vip package I paid for. Never received 20 tokens. And never responded to contacts. Bad business. But the game is fun just don't spend the money to be VIP. It's still a fun game.
1	Worth It Excellent App You Wont Regret it Simple utility way better than Kies Air I couldn't get that stupid app to work no matter what browser I used. This app worked right off the bat no hitches Get it
1	Nice graphics, colorful the experience is amazing Try not waste all the water, little sprays will make you way out to the top
1	David.  Perez
1	Brilliant I love this app You get to compete against other people whilst learning new facts at the same time D the only thing I would change is to maybe include more categories, like QuizUp does. But overall it's fab. 
1	Awesome I've gotten the other ones they have helped me improve
1	Awesome. ... Really. Such a nice game.  Nice picture quality and such a good game. I never get bored by playing this again n again.
1	Thanks Good  one
1	Great game Love this game its by far the best offroad game I've played it cold be better,  you should add more trucks and jeeps please  it needs a good update to make it better please.
1	love it
1	Good but... I really am having fun with the game but I need someone to help me with this auto match thing it won't let me find a game its really annoying
1	My two year old loves these games So glad I bought the full version.
1	Good app with good people. Online dating is a rough business but this app helps to ease you into the world of electronic love.
1	Favorite My 2 year loves this game and its easy enough for her to understand but challenges her enough in problem solving. She plays it anytime she gets a chance to you the tablet 
1	Currently the best in the market Finally got what I was looking for...wonderfully described workouts with effective and precise plans...great work guys
1	Woo Woo man I can't wate until battleground  to see Brock leaner  beat the crap out of Seth rollins,Roman reins and bray wyat,John Cena and Kevin owens,randy Orton and sheamus,Ryback and big show,prime time players and new day.
1	Light weight Love it
1	Simply awesome No words for dis app
1	Loved it It's really cool but it needs more songs than just popular ones
1	Nice app
1	Love it If I could only get notifications from lists.
1	You really need this You do...
1	Love it Its fun
1	Pink Panther Love it....great way to relax and get your mind off of stressful issues. Enjoy the different levels of difficulty...
1	Finally First thing i did this morning was download the game, and its been flawless all day on my gs4 i cant stop playing. I waited too long for this. Cant wait for the replay button to come out
1	Great app Smooth and seamless scroll across pages.
1	Shut up and take my money
1	Fun game, no special permissions If you like Boggle or Scrabble, check this game out.
1	Still the best Still the best radar ap I have found.
1	13 year old love it For those who do not know, Mr. Rogers was more about feelings and imagination and not as much about ABCs  and 123s. So don't buy this thinking it will make your kid a math whiz.
1	Miss Wife
1	Think I love to do alot of thinking in a game, gives me a challenge when will the other characters come in the game
1	I love this app. Super awesome. I just have this problem with 1 of my device, my xiaomi mi pad is able to send but not receive files. Please help. Tnx
1	Perfect
1	Amazing. One of the best games I've ever played.
1	Yes Just wish someone would put the effort in to make a dirt trackin game for say PS4 lol
1	Help I reached the elite level but I can't play if any one no how to solve this problem please contact me at this phone number 76663362
1	The best
1	Verry interesting This is one of my favorites movie. Thats why i want to play this game.
1	Cool stuff Love tekken and im dumping poop loads of play store credits into it
1	Nice one Played all of these series,and this one rocks like other 2,only what missing is multiplayer by me...but overally game is nice and smooth,no heating of my L9P760. 
1	Ok Good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good
1	Fantastic app, with the last update I can chose to have tennis as my startup sport.
1	Super geilauch nach einem Jahr noch Wre voll cool, wenn man sehen knnte, wann der andere spielt oder wann dieser zuletzt online War 
1	Awesome app BUT This is an awesome app , not as user friendly as a couple others but has benefits of others , this app works great on my droid phone  I use it all the time
1	Reinstalled and its much better. Installed a few years ago and left a one star review. Reinstalled the new version and it seems much much better. Still needs a test when I go to the UK with no roaming data in a couple of months.
1	Awesome car's people's Cool cool boy's girls
1	I love it Even thow I am 14, AND am a doy, this makes me sleep like a baby. . .
1	Highly addictive This game is fun, easy to play, you level up fast and can earn all sorts of rewards. I can't stop playing it
1	Bad So i was on a different game and in my noteifactions it said bad am i bad
1	More more more This expansion is great i dont really mind spending an extra dollar but you devs should add at least a few more firearms updates before releasing another buyable pack
1	Well game Nice game
1	Engrossing gameplay and amazing graphics. Very exciting and detailed worlds with amazing colours. The game is definitely worth its price tag 3.49 CAD on sale and is something that should be tried by anyone. Great mobile game.
1	Word buzz Loads of fun
1	       
1	This app is second to none Fantastic for Manchester fan
1	Nice How do you visit swampys underground adventure
1	Got unlock everything. It's service is really fuck. But I know to skate and its very typically game. I have completed this today.
1	Good Game
1	Nice game Mere ko toh yeh game bohot achha laga
1	funny so funny when beat japanese people on their own game 
1	My child adores it
1	Love it Buy it now as brilliant graphics awesome tricks but add multi player like someone is vector and someone is hunter that will make it more interesting
1	Flash cards to speed the the learning curve
1	Jungle monkey Love this game m
1	Love this game The game is great and looks so much better than on on ios
1	Good car race Awsome game who loves car driving
1	Du speed booster A fine application,help us in each   way
1	Boba fett missions In that world the last level is hard.do you know whybecause a man with a red mask is so strong.also when will the new update or new world come outi finally unlocked boba fett missions world.
1	Best ever service Got cab in 6 min in night and reached home well. Where as auto asking 200 ola ask 60
1	Fun Finally a lacrosse game It's fun yet hard. Don't get your hopes too high up and imagine this to be the Madden game of lacrosse, but its still fun.
1	I love love love love love love lovely thisgame to much you all also try it
1	Way to go cricbuzz Awsome app. May b its just starting. But its good to see you catching up in indian languages 
1	Love it. Great game
1	So cute I just can't help but fall in love with this game it is adorable and I would enjoy if it was on the computer. If I were you I would get this.
1	2 year old loves it
1	I found the home  D I heard there's this tree hole and  actually it is  a hole in the mountain I just figured it out  D I wondered about the Multi player mode you guys have been talking about . I wonder  How's it going 
1	Cool game Awesome I have 17 headshots and I just started
1	Pretty happy I though it was for all drops just for jays but as soon as there's news about a drop it's up there an u know u can star an fav what drops are comeing out an it will remind u. For them
1	Mind games pro I love this app. It is challenging and lets you know your weak areas so you can improve them
1	Nice game So many choices with tile designs along with the many different game layouts. 10 stars it rates
1	Brill app. Fantastic customer support. save offline download is how big is your men. Card. I have UK NI OS maps offline 1.76 WOW
1	It works but... Every time I try to use the attack button it freezes, other than that it is a very great game.
1	Ryleigh Elmo really gave my baby s laugh she laughed so hard when she was sitting down she fell and said ELMO HELP ME It was so funny
1	Cool Awesome
1	Brainium Spider game is best Spider game. The controls are outstanding,  it's lightweight,  pretty and fun. My only wish is that it would be nice if the hint and undo buttons were on the table and not buried under a pop up menu.
1	Beautiful story Really enjoyed it. hope you make more like it
1	Woot Probably the best phone Game I've ever played by far Mario meets Zelda  My only problem is it's too short
1	Love it Nice game  I love listening to the juicy fruit getting sliced. My favorite thing about this game is the fruit facts, very interesting.
1	Astounding app Simply captivating n does not eat up space.......goes on all smart phones Keep developing such games....
1	Best Ever Works excellent on Note 3 No hiccups.
1	Good
1	Its good But how do I make something else
1	The oyster card app is amazing Very informative , accurate, must for all bus users
1	Excellent This game reminds me of crash team racing for the ps1 its is brilliant and addictive,  it feels like a proper console game.1010
1	It's cool It's good but it has one bug,it is messing up when it updates
1	Update has broke it Was quite angry that it stopped working, feel a right tool now as it was fixed so quick, cheers playto
1	I love this Game  But ..
1	Lifesaver Lost almost 35000 pictures after phone servicing LG Android and Diskdigger helped me get back more than half The app is worth the small pricetag  But learn how to root your phone first before using the app. Cheers
1	I loved it It was fun with a lot of puzzles I got stuck a little bit and that's what made it more fun that the person should search more and think more great game looking forward for more
1	Very nice but When I play online the match gets cancelled and when somebody adds me as a friend and I check my friends list it says you have no friends.
1	This is a crazy ben 10 game Awesome game but should add more chapters of story mode and hero time
1	Love it Guess wht came in the mail today DEEZ MONSTER NUTZ
1	Simple and Easy Loved it, simple and Easy to use, best dictionary ever. I wish you could keep the antonyms and synonyms of every word.. Thanks again 
1	I really like it  Its fun but sometimes it gets frustrating when you can't complete the hard levels
1	Best game The game is very good and they are constantly updating it. Is definitely worth the little bit of money that I spent on it.
1	Nice app That's awesome. Nothing more
1	Entertainment success My four year old has played this game for months He loves it.
1	Let's Create Pottery Love this app. So easy to use. Lets me use my imagination create beautiful pottery. Very relaxing.
1	I love it This is a game in kids eyes but they learn so much just playing a simple game,
1	Sweet game
1	Love it It is amazing install now
1	Would get a solid 5 stars if. I would change to 5 star rating if it were updated as regularly as there were new sets,  I.e. dragons of tarkir. Please please don't make me refund.  As promised, here are the 5. Thank you very very very much.
1	Great game My 3 year old grandson loved it. Lots to do in this game. Great value
1	Best Game Ever this is one of the best game ever. Love to play with my friends.  thanks.. new step
1	Love It  got  me  a  girlfriend
1	Good launcher LLoveove the update thank you
1	Love it I only wish there could be an upgrade with more mini games. Otherwise, I never thought I could learn Japanese characters this quickly.
1	No problems I've used this app for at least two years on two separate phones and have found it very accurate. I've checked it against several different vehicles and even confirmed an inaccurate speedometer in a company vehicle.
1	Cannot get enough Not really a fan of this kind of card game, but I freaking love Tekken Card Tournament, it's so simple, but there is still a lot of tactics at play
1	Davy Cool,fab
1	Wow more addicting tha. Clash of clans I barely downloaded this gane and wow i never thought they would pull it thru now im so addicted to the gane abd i cant stop playing
1	Im 11 Just so you know im 11 and these games are beast
1	Coco's wedding It's wonderful game
1	The best of its kind Simply the best off road game out there. However it has it flaws... Very few but a couple. The biggest thing is there is never any big updates. 2 add more customization. Great game though and 2 thumbs up
1	Great App I like this game, but I do wish it had more levels.  And I wish there was another way to get the cheat points beside buying them.  But the game is still good.
1	Great weather app Nice app, a refreshing company that listens to its customers and follows through with updates and fixes. Thanks for a great app. Keep the updates coming.
1	Fast, stable and user friendly This paid app version is the best for accessing iracing forum on mobile device. It even directly link you to the last forum post you're following. Great app.
1	I loved this game When  i will start to play this game when my cellphone. I feel i play in real life
1	Great app
1	Great game, feels like playing a board game active development  and great support make this even better
1	Excellent game for killing time. Number of wins plus other bonuses makes it fun and economical.
1	Game hay Minh chi biet co 2 cach thang thui ai biet ko chi giao di
1	Paul77 The problem has been fixed...still the BEST word game out there
1	Petting zoo Best lil app ever I love the giraffe and alligator.  I love it all. Its well put together I can't stop with the giggles.
1	Singh is boy High
1	I got coyotes, it scares them away. Air horn.
1	Wonderful My sister loves this and she always says, pay bone Or something of the sort
1	Kallie Ksel
1	I don't know how to set it up to play more than one suit. I still enjoy playing this game
1	Coco wedding Omg omg its the best
1	Best game ever I love the easy one touch controls. I love how you have to try to guess where the pitcher is throwing the ball. You could add some different bats, as a power up for more power. That would be cool.
1	I love Lawly
1	Whooo This makes me happy . i heard a really awesome song on YouTube and didn't know what it was so i installed Shazam and it sent me straight to the right song Within temptation  forsaken 5 happy bunny
1	Super learning app Easy, concise learning app..my 1 y.o son love it...was able to imitate sounds...
1	Awsome Its cool spongbob games i Love it
1	After a few updates, this is the best Twitter App I've used I currently own a Galaxy Note 3 and this is a great app to go with the phone. The only thing that it's missing is PocketInstapaper support.
1	God
1	This was enjoyable I'm glad this exists, to be honest. I'm a kid, and I kind of like the questions. If you like this kind of this but the original is too... grown up for you, then this is for you
1	Finally Had this game for Wii about 5 years ago and got rid of my Wii last summer. This game was like 15 on Wii and only 5 on here Freaking awesome So glad I can finally play this gamen again after so long.
1	Awesome I love Toca Boca games but I want the Apple ipad Toca Boca too on playstore like Toca nature
1	Luv it great game to pass the time.
1	Best Racing Game Ever This is the best racing game ever no problem  at all. But there is one missing thing i.e. DRIFTING. If EA add drift racing to it than that would me awesome
1	Liked it My 4 yearold cousin liked it Thank you for creating this wonderful app
1	Very good Its the best dozer game I jave come across. Good job creators
1	Loved it We get to pass Valentine levels.
1	Galaxy S5 The best one of its category.
1	Excellent One of the better games out there  quite challenging and addictive.  Simple yet detailed graphics, sound effects make  me smile every time I play, music isn't annoying like some other games. Thank you for an amazing product.
1	Makes droid better Great app, customer service is top notch with prompt feedback. Makes droid easier to use. Samsung Note 4 on ATT
1	Long time fan Only downloading and then purchasing in app stuff so you guys get more of my money and make a new one or more games. You are the Nintendo of mobile world and nothing has come close to this since it came out on iPhone 3 years ago.
1	I love it did is the first time I'm playing piano I love piano perpekto
1	I  LIKE  THIS  GAME IT  IS  A  GOOD  GAME
1	Spades game is the best
1	Love it, I travel a lot and ever since I started playing this, I can kill my time in the plane easily... you can play this game for hours... thanks
1	It's sooooo cuteeeee My Elly is so cute  more beautiful than my angela
1	Good App Email backup to yourself if you  need to restore data to a new phone.
1	WSL Best app forever
1	It's great It's better since I had in the last time because it wasn't working so I think is good now awesome
1	Cool I love it D Its not like the other zombie games that lags like hell
1	Awesome.
1	Love it Oh man. You should just look at this game. I mean really just look at it
1	My goddaughter loves it
1	
1	DLC WORKS 5 Stars
1	Simple and sweet This game is awesome. Just pick up and go. I love drifting using the helicopter feature, it makes it so much more immersive
1	Brillant one..... Great tabla sound. Mind blowing App I loved it.......
1	Jasmine feedback Ok so i love this app. Its great. Im lazy about typing so thats all im saying. Its good app.
1	Cool Needs more damages
1	Loved it You should try to the game
1	Fab fab fab Loved this game. Wasn't too sure what to expect as reviews never seem to live up to the hype for me, but I'm hooked And let me just say this is the first review I have ever even but this game warranted it
1	Best car game I've played so far It just needs more car and levels
1	Very nice game... tnx alot...
1	LOVE IT I love this app so much because my baby cousin always likes to play on my phone and I saw this app and I install it and he said I LOVE THIS APP
1	Works perfect. As I said works perfectly as long as your internet or wifi is decent.
1	the wife and I Great game. Would recommend a unlimited setting where you play until everyone is broke with the exception of one person. Great game play seamless on both our devices. Keep up the work. We'll worth the pennies.
1	This is inspiring I like it
1	No bugs but still....  Yay no bugs but I have a question why is the bunny not named butter cream  Suger sprinkles is fine but why
1	Love it Very fun and I can figure things out fast, hard at first but overtime you get how to play the farther the better.
1	Awsssoooommmmm Get this app
1	Snakes I think the game is great it really challenging and fun to play but takes some time to get use to as I was use to the Nokia snakes this one is more upgraded but easy to learn whats going to happen next
1	New version It works How much better can it be
1	Nice House And nice backyard What a wonderful House  I Love the full version better I like the bedrooms it has 2  bed one bathroom Maya and Jacob love their cousins Lindy and Logan
1	 
1	Thank you for your help now i can play it over and over
1	Neat Wanted something unique, minimal and useful. Very cool.
1	Good but hard It is really good the only thing is try not to let anyone see
1	Best cat game out there It's a really good game. I was bouncing off the walls when I found out how to pick up your kitten and prey. Can you make a House Cat simulator That would be awesome.
1	I like it So nice
1	Works well. Really great app anymore.
1	Kutti Gopinathan
1	Awwwsssooommmeee This game is so cool because now I want to try more food and candies
1	Gd stuff ...
1	Game lover Incredible
1	Fantastic app. I love it, so beautiful
1	Awesome redesign I think I like it better digital then the board game. Hope they do the expansions
1	It was great Worth the money
1	Nice app Good work ... I done my work egley
1	I am a Word Crack addict Great game.  But I would like to be able to tell if my opponent is using power ups.
1	Excellent for Samsung Galaxy Note 4 A steady 60 fps mixed with some very nice looking graphics  fast adrenaline pumping action makes this game plausible.
1	Its a great game. But in my iPad it does not work properly
1	       
1	I love it I love it because you can chat with people. I chatted with my dad for the first time and he showed me what he does at his job.
1	Excellent app A good selecrion of tones and instruments. Sound  Quality is very good. On 'Hold' mode some instruments produce a noise. Over all very good .
1	Awesome It excellent and deserve 5 star
1	Have fin I will love when i have a chile aka kid.ir will be so fun. Thank you who made this
1	Doodle God Highly addictive, with fun  unexected combinations, some of which made me laugh out loud
1	Superb Awesome... It has cleaned all my junk file of the apps I've forgotten also. Cleaned 1 GB memory of my phone O
1	THE BEST BY FAR This is hands down the ultimate in billiards, you can view any angle, various degrees, dont look anywhere else, just download it and shutup
1	BEST TDEFENSE GAME OF ALL TIME We need MORE FIELDRUNNERS games and perhaps maybe some spinoffs A mashupcrossover with angry birds Anyway, this game rocks Fieldrunners  was the very first app store game that I ever played
1	Extremely excellent app luv it....
1	Best game by far But I think there should be more buildings,quest and research Thx D
1	It is very nice and made the Bible story easy.
1	Rummikub Fun game that makes you think
1	Children first No child No future
1	Wonderful game This game is great. I don't usually leave reviews for games, but trust me its worth the money.
1	Great combo Lobing the style and gameplay not far in tne game but we need more stuff like this Good work SG.
1	Great Challenge
1	On wow I love this app,worth the money...and even better..it supports heads up notifications for android lollipop 5.0that's amazing,keep it up,cool I love the new tablet layout,and wow you keep updating it
1	Good little game Good for learning new vocabulary although in tutor mode it can be frustrating after finding what you think is a great move to discover you could have scored twice as much. No problems with freezing or crashing.
1	Cgd flak jazz as cm kids SXML no it's  tshirt Cbc nthe dc nhc re hdb see gd
1	I like it soooooo much Soooooo awesome
1	Great app. Had this app for a while and I think its great. I have it as a widget on my screen which I update as I need to. Don't have any problems.
1	Amazing app If I can't get my favorite Jordan's instore, I can always rely on this app to help me locate and buy from legit re sellers The price guide also helps spot over priced sneakers
1	Pacific Rim It's so good 
1	Amazing Very enjoyable game . I hope that you will add more levels .
1	Amazing software I am an iPhone convert who was using GasCubby to track my vehicle. This software meets and exceeds in every way the things I loved about that app. Thank you developers for this amazing app.
1	Good Actually makes my phone faster
1	Still on i used mxit 5years ago so today I decided to download it again ...Mxit still the Best
1	ticket stopper Works like a charm in company vehicle with no speedometer. no speeding tickets for me
1	Great for Nexus 6 UPDATE That fixed it... now I can't stop playing.  It's more challenging than other Freecell apps I've tried, and I like that I can customize the backdrop too.  I'm a man of my word... I now give this app my highest rating.
1	Loved it I Love this Solatair, play it all the time Have one I payed for I don't play anymore I enjoy this one so much more. Just wish it would save scores. Have to put up with enough FREE advertising it should
1	Arria is awsome This is my first time playing this
1	Good game but it just needs more action.
1	Love it Great apps for my 5 yr old kid who loves to learn how ti play the piano, 
1	Great
1	This is fun
1	REALLY FUN OMG ONE OF MAH FAV GAMES YET LOL XD
1	Great fun The interface is good better now than when I first installed it, the puzzles are fun. What's not to like
1	I love this game very much.I hope many children like it.
1	Loved it Salana watch your mouth stewey
1	ram I like this game good I finished all levels waiting for more levels with different graphics thanks
1	Learning Game Toddler math. I Love the math so much and more.
1	Thks Good app.
1	Addicting. I can't believe people are saying all these negative comments. Its addicting, and I love the themes and everything.. Plus, MSP wasnt made for mobile, so be patient. I love this game so much. Keep up the good work...cx
1	Great job guys Been one of your sales man since your beginnings. Recommend this app to anyone who uses public transport in London.
1	Love it Fun game i just got it and it is really fun. It is like the version on the computer. I always play it on the computer and they are exactly the same
1	Ulysse speedometer May God blessed you all.
1	Just like minecraft Everything's just more scarce.  P.s. dont get planet of cubes, that's a 12 star game.
1	Best casino game yet been playin for years tryin to find somethin close is hard best payouts and bonuses love it and it just got even better
1	Great till 2 days ago i can't see the waves anymore from 2 days, what is happening
1	Excellent
1	OS maps for this price and the lay over of routes is awesome. Reliable too. Thumbs up
1	Like So funny.
1	Awesome,doing a great job. I shot out many query's really very very helpful.
1	Addictive Good, no qualms
1	One touch draw This game is difficult but fun
1	Nice game
1	Interesting. Challenging enough to keep you interested
1	Super Cute Super Fun Kinda easy finish the whole game kinda fast. But I enjoyed it I like that you didn't have to buy stuff with real money or add a Facebook friends to advance. I hope they create more levels because this RPG was AWESOME
1	Great app Luv the layout.
1	This is so far the best andriod game ever.
1	My daughter loved this game but except this , all other games of to a toca Boca are only allowed to be downloaded if we pay money .  I pay but the games is getting crashed.
1	It's co. But if it weren't glitchy
1	Great game This game was introduced by a friend. Really love this game. Sometimes lags but still manageable although it doesnt bother me. Other than that keep up the great work 
1	EasyPeasy A must have app for sharing in a second. To developer 1. please add support for Windows  Mac. 2. Make hotspot name more meaningful, a kind of host name related things. 3. Create a favorable icon for this great app 
1	Matt Splatt Makes me wanna draw somethin
1	SPIDERCALIFRAGALISTICEXPIALIDOCIOUS The MOST ENGROSSING offonline android game I've got thus far Smooth, exciting gameplay and various dayweekly challenges. Never a dull moment
1	Suprr
1	Logic was really good Enjoyed the game. Finished campaign made quickly though
1	Stop I can't put this game down . Poor battery doesn't stand a chance . Loads of fun 
1	Good
1	Works great Get the upgraded cards
1	Simply awesome Please help me stop playing
1	Great app Everything u want about the ipl 8 you will get it there..
1	Good game I can play it but i wish it didn't have stats it keeps on making erase data and i already found a hidden level but i didn't get the hidden level achievement. Why  
1	Stop judging It bc y'all phone is mest up bc this app works just fine for my phone
1	Sand This game is fun and enjoyable for chidren
1	Stuck on level 7 and 8
1	Fantastic I really don't know why I waited so long to purchase this device. A fantastic device on its own but the beaming to TV makes this a great and much more useful component.
1	Superb one Love it...a small game holds us to sit for long hours .....addicted to it.....superbly done....nice game
1	Why i cant see all odds
1	Great game This is the best game on android Cool graphics and music, loads of challenging objectives to accomplish and lots of players, boards and tracks to unlock. Fave game
1	Educational Most games that require knowledge can be boring but this is interesting, uptodate and fun. There are a few wrong facts I've come across, such as one saying no women have ever been to space, many have but other than that it's amazing.
1	Awesome I beat it And whats more awesome is...when i searched markiplier, this app came up D
1	Asus zenfone 2 Its awesome..like the story and good gameplay too..
1	Good job. Now i know how to drive hahah...can you add more vehicles on the street and some people. So bored to play a very lonely city..but i really love your game..congrats guys
1	Awesome Game I cannot stop playing this game. It is absolutely awesome. The graphics are fantastic and the game itself is very fun to play. I recommend it to everybody
1	Cool Wonderful
1	Excellent My son loves it
1	I like it. I didn't expect that i bought such a beautiful game for 75p. Good story,good soundtrack , immersing graphic.I spend good time on this game.
1	Love Bombay
1	Best game ever I love every thing about this game     Great find.
1	Great Hands down, one of the best solitaire games out there.
1	Thinkrolls is awesome I love thinkrolls 2 because it has awesome puzzles
1	My son goes crazy for this app. He loves it .
1	Challenging and a lot of fun too
1	Ulysses speedometer Best and easiest to use out there
1	Awesome But needs and option to delete single pages from a notebook and to select certain parts of the text to e.g. Copy or delete it and also more options for the shapes, especially more colours. Perfect for the rest thumbsup
1	Awesome I a girl bye the way
1	awesome my one year old son loves it
1	awesome but could be better This game is awesome However I have a request for the developer Could you not make a onoff switch for the 'raining star' effect, it pretty annoys me Thanks
1	Great but... It's a great game. There are a few bugs though. Most minor but otherwise totally fine. I wish that there was a way to switch guns andor save ammo, even if you could only save ammo in horde.
1	Wow Very useful...in other file managers ..we cannot delete files and don't copy paste our data but it is very interesting file manager p
1	So much like the original Love this game. I was worried that it would be different to the original but I'm happy to report that it's just as fun as the original except it now fits in my pocket I might be addicted now.
1	Just great Really easy to use and totally absorbing.  You can play at your own pace and there are no inapp purchases and no annoying ads.  Thanks guys.
1	Soooooooooooooooooo cool You get to do so many fun games.
1	Like it So many of your favorite games on here. You will like it
1	Awesome The only thing I hate is, ones you hit yes for child mode you can't take it back.  What's up with that
1	its really one of my favourite game
1	Awesome Great game
1	Amazing game, just wish there was more levels, it gets repetitive after you beat it
1	Brilliant I trust it completely to choose the quickest way to get to work.  Workes every time. I tried other sat navs but this is the best.
1	 Creative  cute. Design your own dollsbeasts with stickers, googly eyes and paint. Don't forget to take a shot of your favourites before sending them off to the toy store
1	Ottimo Mancava un programma cos in italiano
1	I loved it But it is very hard
1	Great Does the job very well
1	Fun game I can spend hours on this app and good and every thing on its good and the food looks real. But I wish you could cook stuff with each other. but still  O
1	Good Game Love this Game. Good upgrades, good vehicle and good area.
1	Wow...Just...Wow This game is amazing
1	Coin push Addictive and fun
1	Do you like Trains If No, You don't want to have fun then... Dr. Sheldon Cooper
1	It is so fun I love the brothers kratt
1	Great game Just like Xbox or ps3 edition I am just hoping you make black ops 2 zombies... Hint. Hint. 
1	The game is boss but there is a lot of bugs u need to fix like seriously it would glitch and zoom me foward and  stop the game when I'm in the middle of playing it will just pause. And it's not my phone because all my other games work just fine
1	It's a great app Really like this app. Easy and fast.  Good to know that my phone is safe.  I already loaded it to my wife's phone and I have recommended it to everyone I know.
1	Super loved it Its amazing...this game is so easy...when longer its become difficult
1	So much fun And so much time spent playing this. My wife and I played this for the entire flight from Hawaii to Australia and back. Even a bit while we were there. Get it. It's worth it.
1	Trivia Best trivia game out there...wish you didn't have to play real people all the time. Love to play computer to.
1	Awesome Most useful app good one
1	Tic  tac  toe It is very  challenging  and I  love  challenges. It is  also  very good  to play  when  we are  bored.  It is  really  nice just  try it out. 
1	Nice game It need 2 be updated on iphone on ma iphone 6 it is not uptaded
1	1987 Finish the game then go in custom night then make it say 1987 then click ready So scary Try it, it really works Ok in real buisness this game is scary and fun and has sooooo much potential I definitely give it 5 stars.
1	Don't pay to remove ads There's not a lot of knots here but there's important ones and there is no use in paying to remove the ads for 4.00
1	Pretty good You can search for lesser known artists like Edgar Allen Poets and SJ Tucker, or go with a lot of main stream music like Children of Bodom and All That Remains. Save tracks you like in a playlist and like and follow different artists.
1	Awesome game Love, love, love this game The ads are annoying, but overall it's a great game
1	Awesome Game My 2 year old loves this game so much he will bring my phone to me sit in my lap and activate the game all by himself. Thank you for creating a simple and fun game to teach hand eye coordination
1	Much love For all things vlamby
1	This puzzle is very good for Americans it's not too British heavy
1	Cool app
1	Good I like it
1	Great game I don't normally play games like this but I decided to play spidey and love it.it's freaking addicting lol.
1	Perfect app After the latest update it is again working as it should.
1	Definitely helps me Great app for keeping busy and sharp
1	Really great This app can answer what I want to note.
1	Love Like
1	Great app So far has been very accurate.  Drives the wife crazy cause she doesn't like cruise control so she gets gentle reminders when she is too far over the limit.
1	Its the most fun word game
1	Great I love this app it works almost every time, it just needs a high frequency listening device, so it can pick up the faintest noise of music
1	Passed my learners today 20150608after using this app
1	Fantastic icons This is one of the best icon packs available  clean and beautiful design with great attention to detail.
1	Love it THIS IS THE BEST GAME FOR FASHION DESIGNER LIKE ME
1	Best game ever But I didn't really like how you pay to play secshions
1	So fun One time I hurt my leg in basketball but my coach told me to get right back into that fun game thats waiting for you
1	Its  cool game ever Keep doing what you doing... Your awesome love it.... Doing another game to... Y'all cool... I don't know what to say... Awesome
1	I loved the story. The puzzles were all diffrent. The whole games was drawn out well I actually got to play for more than most games go for
1	Lego juniors  qwest This game is so nice and awsam
1	Loved it But it gets boring
1	Great game for motorsport lovers Only thing is cars could be indicated by small car like symbols itself instead of these dots
1	BAM BAM POW 
1	Great Great game but gotta add more or make it free because once you do it its not that fun
1	So much freedom This is such a fun and polished space experience. Closest thing there is to 2D Kerbals. Requires patience because most of the fun stuff there is to do is really difficult.
1	Cool I loved it
1	Its toooogood Fantabulys
1	Still loving it Still fun to play after all this time
1	Lots of fun. Would like the ability to zoom in and add more detail. But still a blast trying to interpret all the squiggles.
1	Bikram Its really very nice.. i expend my free time with this game. I like this game.
1	Good...
1	SIMPLY THE BEST the best by far im a professional drummer and i have used these to practice and love this app thank you guys.LUV ONE
1	FANTASTIC Awesome game NO TIMER It is the best scrabble type game available...... It never freezes, very little ads and it saves game without limits Couldn't be happier
1	I love this game so much and my only issue is how you have to buy all the stuff if you want to play longer periods of time but that's not gonna change so 5 
1	Even without online The game is still badass. More times than not i prefer terraria over MCPE. I just wish online play came with some sort of explanation. Like how it even works
1	Amazing I love all the TV shows and I love this game
1	Its really good stories not just for toddlers  but for everyone
1	Perfect Perfect app for recording calls, simple, easy to use, and clear audio.
1	Dr. Panda Always excellent. Dr. Panda  are so good I've purchased them on multiple platforms.
1	Love I love this game
1	FUNtastic My daughter love this app..
1	Challenging Game
1	Ram Kaur It's very very easy . I liked this game
1	Great My 4 year old loves it. She loves the different dinos and the animation and sounds they make. Please add more dinos.
1	One of my fav
1	Luv in it
1	My son loves it It works great on our tablet. Since installing it is all he has played. Watching him use it, it looks good and is easy for him to follow the instructions.
1	Perfect Really useful app for a trip to NYC, I found myself using it all day, I really wouldn't have survived if it wasn't for this app.
1	Amazing The best drum app ever
1	One of the best solitaire games I've played Great game. Lots of options. For me its all about the free cell.
1	AWESOME IT IS AWESOME
1	I like this, very much
1	Great app Very nice . My kids love it so much. They r having fun with it...
1	  
1	Happy skier So far has worked great. Was very interested with the information provided and I liked being a leader to go back at the end of the day to see where I have skied.
1	Love them Super    They are very cute
1	I love   it It is   great  it is super  duper fun
1	Excellent game Really super game for kids. I love it. Pls release the other game also
1	Lol been so long since i played I got rusty Nicely made makes u think before u act
1	Thanks This game is tight just one more thing please add names
1	Another unique set of icons from PhunktasticDesigns. Amazing attention to detail just look at the care that went into the shadows A must buy.
1	WorstBest app ever It is the worst because it is so boring but the best of it is helpful for any use
1	Chess Free Truly the best on Android. Great graphics, help, ranking. Never any problems. Good, regular updates.
1	Talking tom This game is very fun but his voice is annoying i love watching they episodes they are funny him and angela
1	Love Carcassone And the add ons
1	Its a good game love it Thay need more land and the energy runs out to fast
1	Now I can. Make Freddy fazbear's pizza without being Chica
1	I so much like it, its very efficient and never let you down Fola  ogunyoku
1	Love it Cool
1	Despite the downloading needed to add this, the satisfaction you'll get from knowing the entertainments are there is worth the bandwidth
1	More Free Song
1	Kyla saka I like to play these games because it's very fun
1	Too much This was unbelievable today I played 36 missions at a time so cool and I defeated overlod twice
1	Really good Works perfect on my old htc desire,you're doing a great job. Really worth buying.on the  long way to ocd
1	Loving it but am stuck on where to get the flag
1	Hmm... Addictive. Always worked well on my other phone so I'm trying it out again...sucks I gotta start over tho.
1	Ladoraka Labatak
1	The first thing you install after you root I've had HD2 with android, the One S and now the One and with this app, battery life was never an issue. Get it, set it and forget it....
1	OMG ACTUALLY WORKS Rate 5 STARS EVERY TIME YOU RATE GUYS AND GALS BEST PROTECTION EVER...  MY FACEBOOK AND 2 OTHER APPS HAD NO SECURITY , GOT THIS APP AND NOW SECURITY IS ON THESE APPS. PLEASE DOWNLOAD PEOPLE I'M NOT CRAZY.
1	ppl wont get key from under the doormat, done it in past game now it just keeps sayin confused  sees key Also, no bugs r appearing anymore  HTC evo
1	Loved it So cool love it
1	Best U should take the fertilizer tank out of the blue Ford.
1	Jazz Loved this app its really great
1	This game looks awesome I didn't even play it yet but looks amazingIr
1	This game is incrible I all reddy got the free one
1	Dumb ways to die Although on my phone Sony Xperia E the game is very  slow but that is due to the horrendous phone, the game is fantastic on I'm assuming any oother device lt3 lt3
1	Cleopatra Keno lt3 Good version.
1	An easy. Drive Easier to use
1	Its fun Its fun but i hate it when they dont like the juice i give them but i stil love it soo bring more people then we talk again.        D.  P.    BUT LOL IT'S FUNNY
1	Spectacular I've been a wwe fan since I was 3.And it's been so cool for the wwe company to have non stop wwe games coming out especially this game
1	My 11 month old loves it He has a fascination with all things musical... and cats So we have a blast with this app
1	Beautiful The best of train sim fans of all time The best game i evr had... Please add track changing ....and also introduce it on the great INDIAN RAILWAYS please please please
1	Nice This is my best game I love it
1	Amazing I love the game my hole family loves it it's also adorable. I bet so many people have downloaded it.
1	This waoh My baby love this app so much
1	Amazing I usually don't have enough space to download stuff but now i can download almost every thing Thank you
1	It's absolutely works It just works. Exactly as it should.... Always
1	AMAZING One of my favorite games. I love it I used to play it on my other tablet,  but it died to death,  so I redownloaded it on my new one,  and it's AWESOME
1	My thumb gets sore from playing so much I have FINALLY found a slots game with great graphics, pays BIG bonuses and is just plain fun Thanks guys, keep up the good work. Two thumbs up
1	Unbelievable The best word search game ever It's fast and fun best wishes to the developers for making a great game God Bless
1	Joy Seem less app, the most fun you can have with comics and a phone..
1	Great game for bikers Enjoyed playing with this game. Sad I can't do the tricks on real life. Hahaha
1	Very easy to use. Love the characters
1	Great company. I provide a car, and they basically take care of the rest. RelayRides protects and supports both renter and the person with the vehicle. They make it a simple process.
1	Every cell phone If you need to improve battery life this app does it.
1	Animal sound for baby Big help for growing babys Improving intellectual, attitude.
1	Mega heart2 Mega heart2 slot is Excellent Games and win for a True money you get this on Google Google play and the Smartworld like LG ,Samsung Galaxy
1	Samsung galaxy s4 Super rolig app helt klart pris vrd
1	This game is awsome This game is great but if I were to change one thing I would take out the ads after every quarter it gets annoying and starts the play on its own
1	Excellent My 2 year old daughter absolutely loves this game. I could do without so many ads though
1	Lovely game Its good some people don't like it why its very good games for kids
1	Too easy I'm a wwe master fan so don't be suprised
1	NEED FOR freaking SPEED no telling why they call it need for speed
1	dont have a clue my son and nethew didint have a clue what to do  by the way so crappy make  iy a bit easyer
1	AAA mobile game One of the most fun mobile games in, well, ever. BUY IT NOW You won't regret it.
1	Love it I played thus game ever since it was on the game websites and its still number one
1	Ms Have dreadlock coffee colour african
1	Jayamaha It is  so amazing game
1	Spoiler Alex is a spoiler
1	Excellent watch face Accurate and extremely functional. Has everything you need to know about your weather time and day. Works seamlessly with my Samsung Galaxy s4 and my LG G Watch.
1	Addictive Fantastic app of a great board game
1	With offline mode back i give 5 stars back
1	Issue was fixed back to five Love this game and their support is high class to
1	Loved it taught them so much and was so much fun
1	Sooo good Heard about it on the Jeff Rubin Jeff Rubin podcast.. Good stuff
1	I like the game but I don't like all the pop ups of other games
1	AWESOME I play it all the time on my computer so i can have it on my tablet now
1	Great graphics great fun Not too stressful, beautiful graphics, plenty of nostalgia. The perfect sequel for the old game.
1	Football 2015 Greatest game ever played by anyone
1	Good, mostly. I agree with Therese Gabiana. I can't go to the other persons world. When I try to my tablet shuts off, then goes to the Main Menu. Plus, it takes 200years for it to go to the game Please make an update for those things
1	I love it it amazing It a great game now I can play zombies everywhere but I would like to play multiplayer online so u can connect from far away not just on WiFi
1	Works perfectly Have tried a couple of other apps which didn't quite seem to work properly, but this one is great. Records both sides of the phonecall in good quality and allows you to add notes etc.
1	Fabulous Fun, educational and so helpful explaining little kids house chores.
1	Great Excellent, basic online chess game.
1	V Good Friday,
1	Great app. Simple and easy to use. Fast and easy access to everything on your account, profile, car detail etc... love it
1	Yassssss I loooved it
1	A master app which helps you grow mentally
1	Very very fun A lovely addictive game with great levels. Would have loved to have more options on the kinds of nets though
1	I like this game I like this game because its for my friend ella
1	lt3 Metal
1	Must Have App I love this App. It provides such accurate and relevant weather information. If your a serious storm chaser or just love to know what's going on weather wise. This Is a must have App. Great Job..
1	Absolutely made my vacation Great great app
1	So much fun It makes you think. There's always more to it than you realize. Makes you learn new words too. Only freezes when my WiFi connection is bad. Other than that it runs perfectly.
1	Alezza, message for aleeza This is good so just shut up aleeza I think your being a liar and trying to make this app look bad so NOBODY LISTEN TO ALEEZA TH I A IS A GREAT APP U SHOULD GET IT
1	Awesome This game is beter than the original one. I struggled to complete stages but with this game you just have to take your time and think before you make your move....
1	I LIKE THE GAME ITS FUN I THINK ITS FUN AND I LOVE ALL THE THINGS YOU CAN RUDE MY FAVORITE IS THE PROFIT BIRD THATS AT LEAST MY OPINION OF THE GAME
1	Piano It is so fun if you want a game that can never lose you attention this is it
1	Incredible My child loves this app. She's having fun  learning at the same time.
1	Zenfone 5 It's really help me to locate my direction
1	Very clean and simple. My go to app when I have time to burn.
1	Best cricket game. It is easy to make 237 runs in 10  overs but impossible to make 240 runs. Plzz extend overs to 20.
1	Worldcup Its very interesting and addictive game totaly i like it......
1	Great  cognitive  skills game I had a head Injury this spring and the one  of the things things the surgeon's said to get better after surgery  was play these cognitive  games. Thanks for helping  me  heal
1	We LOVE this app My son is 2 now but has been playing this since he was 1.  It's taught him shapes, colors, animals, counting hand eye coordination, you name it If you are looking for a good I mean great educational game, this is the one
1	AWESOME No one can get in my phone
1	Not perfect but lots of fun It doesn't get it right all the time but does quite an amazing job. Helping me to learn Spanish
1	Now Start your Environment Test Skills foo k This is a Rock n Race app i need a sponsor A hit me up k
1	Good My daughter love this tnx
1	Good
1	I LOVE IT I think it's cool and amazing. Get this game it's pretty cool and like I said it's amazing.
1	I love it and can you make a cat craft pls pls
1	Poker  live Good little game if you are a true player of the game
1	Best. Game. Ever. It's so fun and addictive Plus you can play it to kill time. Five stars
1	Awesome
1	Good talking It's good to be able to talk with family and have no hassle to talk as long as you want . I have nothing to complain about this app.
1	Awesome Great layout, this is amazing.
1	Have had hours of fun with this app
1	Absolutely love it Great sound quality My little one loves it A must have
1	Jenny Love all the angry bird games
1	Sushi Love this game I especially like that there's sushi now
1	Just had it for 2 days but so far I think it's great. Don't have to wait forever for someone make the first pick in the draft.
1	Yeah This is the best game ever
1	Great This app is one of the best for the game of call break.
1	Gotta have it The free version is great, but this one unleash more creativity and lots of more features, for the price, is a bargain. Thanks for creating such a fun an didactic app for my kids.
1	It makes me feel relakes
1	Nice gamg Please up date level 3
1	Great interactive storybook featuring Thomas My godson loves Thomas and I love the fact that he can enjoy his favorite character in the form of as book he can read again and again.
1	Who ho I was recording the game for my YouTube channel and everything went smooth as silk. Loves it. I works on my tablet 10.1 and on the other Samsung Mobile
1	Piano I can make my own music band sounds
1	  
1	Best ballistic calculator ever.
1	Best game EVER I love this game before I was playing fnaf2 It scared me pretty bad lol then I went on this its very calming
1	not just for kids so I'm 14 and I have a passion for cute things. i thought that since i had an android, i couldn't get many apps. but the toca boca apps are adorable and they work rly well on my phone lt3
1	Interesting Really amazing app to entertain yourself. Never thought such app can provide real instrument feeling. Love it. Thanks developers to introduce such interesting app.
1	Best alarm in the market You will not go wrong with this app
1	Amazing tools ever know Dont miss it
1	Great app  I've got my elderly parents addicted  fantastic way to hone their tablet skills as very late adopters
1	very good note pad app Really like it but would like to have a landscape and portrait option
1	Omg I feel old I played this game so much on addicting games when I was 17  Lol very simple but fun also the stick figure stories were fun as well . Like the one when he was a secret agent or something.
1	Super cool Love this app reaaally very much. It's really very useful and also fun. Loved it
1	Good Good
1	Great and simple I love how simple it is. Just the game, no sparkling popping crazyness. Best part i can put it down and continue later
1	Bath Time Well we should help an alligator who wants to be clean so passing all the levels will have to be a success
1	Nursery  rhymes Old mcdonald
1	Very comfortable and fast UI. Please add customisable AI difficulty levels.
1	Works great on my 2005 mazda tribute and 2013 dodge caravan
1	Love this game thank you guys...
1	Addicted Love it. Wish there would be more levels.
1	Die ears die
1	Fun Game Very immersive game with great graphics and excellent graphics. Only complaint is it doesn't save to Google.
1	Whooooooooooooo What a wonderful experience driving the small toy truck , good graphics,nice places and excellent controls.WHAT a game
1	Beautiful game Just wish it was longer. More like this please
1	Love this app for my 3 year old
1	5 bravo
1	Superb Just add the feature of watching the videos in the YouTube app or at least the option of watching it full screen from within your app itself.
1	Review Wish there were more, but otherwise great
1	Really good apps
1	Ooh what a game xxx Because I am a tranny I got a semi boner over playing this game
1	I LOVE IT This is so perfect and adorable, love at first sight.
1	Does it well
1	Amazing Don't think that this is a really boring game about burning stuff because even though that's what you do, there are combo puzzles which get progressively harder. I love the art work from world of goo and I'm sure you'll like the art too
1	It's remind me my childhood...I love it
1	Superbbbbbbbb Great treasure of GK....... But I want some changes that after quitting correct ans of question should be given
1	Animal Hair Salon I think it is the best way to know how to cut your pet's hair.
1	  ,   ,      ....             . D
1	18 month old daughter loves it
1	Great app Even with your new hidden menu buttons my daughter can still swipe the menu and keeps closing the game. If you can work out a pin lock or something that would be better.
1	What a Musical instrument Very impressive when I first play the Real Guitar.  Everyone must try this amazing app.  Hi, Developer, ur all are great. I like the Real Drum as well. Thank u so much
1	Motorola xoom Very very good game. Good story. Not too tough, not too easy. No glitches and the bonus chapter was a nice addition.
1	I enjoy this app, it does have its glitchs but all in all very much appreciated It has a few glitches, but its enjoyable
1	Beautiful app Cool graphics and nice childhood songs, brings back good memories
1	Heads Up This is the best game ever and I am only 10 years old it is really entertaining you should try it it is really cool and it is a great games for kids  Wow  If you like to have fun this is definitely the game for you
1	I now love fishing I love this game..it is such a simple idea but it was presented so perfectly..one of the highest quality games in the millions of junk in the store..I had to literally FISH it out
1	Best Podcast Player Clean, easy to use interface. Keeps my podcasts synced across all my devices and is frequently updated to address any bugs in the application. Developer is amazing and change logs are hilarious Keep up the great work.
1	Wish we didn't have to wait for spades to be broken to lead a spade. Also wish they had the 'bid 10 makes 200 pts'. Other than that, I love everything
1	Jainyiah wright The first time I was just  playing this game it was great to see this game
1	Good Family game My family loves to play this while waiting for food at a restaurant.  It's customizable so we can pick the tasks that aren't to hard for the youngest in our crew.
1	Jess Super fun to play at dinner with the kids..
1	Very funny how much I ordered the world of pure imagination is coming over tonight you
1	The lost city What a great game lots of backwards and forwards but that's all part of the story.
1	Helps to contact It really helps to contact with frndz cousns and family... but it consume our time .... we r going addict on it ... .. but i control it bfr it control me....
1	Best Jesus christ bless the person who is reading here now...say AMEN
1	Awesome game Kindly add some more extra features like track change, more stations, shunting yards etc so that it make still realistic. BTB wonderful game and nice job guys...
1	Great app. Lots of features, nice and easy to use interface, involved developer, backups to the cloud, reasonable price. Better location detection, a desktop or web interface, automatic cloud sync would be a bonus.
1	Perfect I can easily find any and identification .Very nice app .....but sometimes its booring
1	Fun Fun game it has great graphics and runs very smoothly , reminds my of when is used to play arcade machines .
1	It is so Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
1	Fun to play And pass time, not. Like old time slots.
1	Awesome Nice game...and very interesting
1	Just profile Had an issue recovering profile but it was fixed.  Great game,  if I could give 10 stars I would
1	Cool I love it
1	Fun, Addicting and Exciting Game and Music The music is fun, upbeat or down right catchy. The game is not always easy but it's fun because of that. The graphics are amazing and original and so is the story. Only wish there were more characters
1	Is it real Somebody please reply  is it real.
1	My sister loves this app
1	love it i get the trick i can teally trick someone and it can actually work for an lock because no one but i know the trick
1	Just Plain Love it Nothing else to say about this game for being to awesome
1	love it m
1	Best game but some issues to stuck game for a while otherwise excellent.
1	Owned over a year. Great solitaire games
1	Amazing I am having it since my childhood. Excellent app. It works superbly
1	My son he loves to play with this game Education
1	Really needed this I've been looking for some app to customize my phone and this is perfect I lo e this app
1	For Abcd2 This is for abcd2 i like dance movie  varun dhawan so i give five stars
1	Functionality Plus Bought the full version right after trying out Crossword Lite because it just plain works. I had tried out other crossword apps that were just  ridiculous. This one delivers. Thanks chaps
1	Emile Mediocre makes the best games on the play store. This is no different.  
1	Harika ok gzel
1	Superb Fun with learning
1	Awesome, but... I  it but its not fair because we can't do, lemon, orange, cherry,raspberry, blueberry and plum.But it's AMAZING
1	The best dog control ever  It would be nice if u can breed and get pack together so when your dog get old that pup can take it over the pack but this game is addicted
1	Simple
1	Nice Game I Like It
1	Finally... All it's working well
1	Awesome
1	Better than the rest It is amazing  if you liked the first two then buy this. my trick is use the sticky hand and the ball and chain
1	Very good game It is very good because you get to do things that make you responsible.
1	You say it, you get it. A large collection of what you want to learn or test. It has different languages, vocabulary and much more along with general knowledge content.
1	Good app Plays well. Smooth. No crashing or issues.
1	Do u No
1	Freecell Good design for a phone screen, cards are easy to see and the auto play is fast and intuitive.
1	Checkers Its pretty hard at first... Then u start seeing how to make patterns and start looking several steps ahead and you get the hang of it REALLY QUICK
1	Kicksonfire Best app for shoes I love it
1	Haven't played Haven't played it yet but i guess it's  great sorry i'm going to play it now bye
1	Suggestions I want you to update it so then there is a farm and horses and you can ride them and do compotiotions
1	Amazing Cool funny fun difficult enjoyable
1	Perfect App For Sports Lover ... Loved This App... But Need Some Improvement In Video Playing Option.... Apart from This... App Deserve 5 Star
1	Slower than most browsers but ad free  Username  wstsydryda
1	Such an amazing game...... now give me my 2500.
1	Nice Add more damages
1	Brilliant port of the original  Played the original series since 2000 and this version daily. Some FC's here and there, but has not stopped me from topping a 50k score.
1	Very good Very good jungle adventures...
1	Like it
1	Now that the M points are back it's worth playing
1	Old Vegas Style Slots Love these slots, brings back memories and the payout is really good.  Loads of fun and entertaining. Great game
1	Great Easy to use  and starts up really quickly to provide enjoyable game. One of the best apps I've come across.
1	Good game Lots of levels, good game play, good music, decent sounds. But the best part of this game is it doesn't require any special permissions
1	Trains you to make best choice. Wish you could play multiple hands.  Otherwise, excellent.
1	I loved it It was dumb and hard I loved good work guys
1	Love it Best thing ever my baby girl loves it
1	Suggestion I really love this app.  I also love the thumb effects when you touch the screen.  Would you guys please make a thumb effect with small black bats that trail behind where you touch.  I'll buy it. I've been thinking about it all week.
1	Innovative racer Incredibly addictive, easy to pick up and play, and the clever controls are a dream. What more could you want from a causal game
1	Just purchased Just made purchase..hope it will be my best game 
1	Great clockalarm Edit Since the last update it updates itself again Love the look and functionality.
1	It's great.
1	I don't know why people is saying this is useful and understand and ugly I love it so much   lllllllllllllllllllllooooooooooooovvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee it
1	I love this game. My favorite part of the game is just destroying the other robots and then ripping off their heads Thanks for making a game this awesome
1	Fantastic Finally an app, which is useful,  easy to use and doesn't even require tonnes of data. I do use it daily.
1	awesome i love it it is super fun i love it so much
1	Please My cousin loves this but she really wants to play toca life city but she can't because its not on android. Please add it on android or add an update like that to this. Please Please Please
1	Words I like this app because I lirnd how to spell ,rhino I thought it was rino  and I lirnd how to spelloctopus I thought it was oktupus
1	Tevez love Woow very nice
1	Looks so fun for 1 and lave drag racing so thank you for making the game revolution fist and didn't even play it
1	Terrific implementation Very good for phone or tablet. Strong A.I. The U.I. is great on tablets and good on phone. Very easy to learn the game, especially because of the tutorial.
1	Wwe network It tends to load wwe network slow or ends up being choppy even though ill have perfect connection but other than that its awesome.
1	The best launcher GREAT 
1	Yay It helps me exspress my feelings through drawing
1	Cool app.  A emoji for almost every mood
1	Holy Moly BEWARE IT'S RIDICULOUSLY ADDICTING I swear I could go broke playing this I absolutely adore Bingo and this hits the spot All the different places you can play Tokoyo, Christmas themed, all the kid ones, they're all amazing 
1	how to do things How do you make more buddies I love to have my one how do you get more Please tell. Thx Hi me again how do you mate or maybe more. Where are all the chests . I really need um. I don't know what is inside . Thx
1	Face changer Very good if I was u I would buy it
1	Very good Well done very happy with the last update. Keep up with the good work.
1	Love it such an awsome game
1	Great app Been using this app for a while and I LOVE IT Haven't had any problems. I can even disable the analogs so i can use my old PS3 controllers with shoddy analogs.
1	Awesome I love your game I rate 5 stars 
1	Ad Free Used another app funded by ads. Very annoying ads. App works smoothly and no issues so far.
1	I love this game I love this game I don't have to even buy this game I can just play it on my device that is why I love this game so much it is the best game I have ever played I even play it with my friends on my device I love this game so much.
1	Mantaps Mantaps
1	An awesome app thank you maker
1	I love it
1	Amazing Game is so cool but I would like to be able to save it
1	Very happy with it Easy to setup, customizable.
1	 Excellent work
1	Very addictive So far so good..nice interface and control..very fun to experience take off and landing according to the challenges given..
1	Great App I love it, great on the GS5
1	Pointless App The app is very fun, I love playing it with my young daughter, great way for her to learn.
1	BEN 10 Man this game is awesome we have to our enemy and buy alien to defeat the enemy but there is one thing some time it block and some time it don't   but it fun to play this game 
1	Super
1	Best Very nice
1	Love it Great Word Game
1	VIP Slots Club. PRO Generous slot and a lot of free coins
1	Very good Awesome application.
1	Best keno, just like the real thing Plays just like the one at the casinos
1	Great Disc Golf App Great app for playing disc golf.  Developer is good about making necessary updates.  Need to be able to add a player once a round has been started.
1	It's fun with a good story line. My only complaint is that I bought the bow, but I cant use it yet. Make sure you're nice to the dog and train him to fight.
1	The best game ever  Fun add neighborhood  wneighbors   cars daycare baby clothes   an 1 question  How do u open cans Great game
1	Works perfectly fine for me, a 5 star rating for me....
1	Works Works well
1	I'm very satisfied with this amazing game, thank you for making this game. But It'll be more fun if you add the multiplayer feature, please add it for the next update.
1	Awesome app
1	. WHAT HAPPEN I already pay this game But icnt install it
1	Lol Lol
1	Love it, Iit,it's fun and it seems so real.this is a amazing game,I rated it five stars.
1	Love champak
1	Great time killer I love this more on my 7 tablet, but just downloaded onto my Moto G and it is good there too.  If your thumb gets tired of blocking the ads  the game is worth paying for, IMO.
1	Guys It dissent work wen I delete I cannot downloasd avail So I do gallery and it work lol  Sowy typo
1	Very fun And enjoyable game, provided you answer questions correctly.
1	Love it It is very good game it gets out stress
1	Monkey Preschool  Lunchbox My daughter  loves this game  She learned her colors quickly  The repetitive  is a plus. The monkey  makes it easy and fun
1	So Much Fun This game is so much fun. At first I wasn't sure cut it took so long but once you have lots of games going at the same time, it's really cool. You always have a turn waiting and it's a great time killer.
1	Yeahawesome hunting in the African jungle so realistic and funny hahaha Nice sniping game
1	Awsome I love it. Even though Thomas isn't at the park anymore make him a character. Love it beat all storymde
1	Nice job A
1	Great to play with friends We all have lots of fun with this
1	Fun Tom ceeps honcing horens,spitballs and water guns please add new stuff later
1	Must have game Monument Valley has all the aspects that I look for in a game. It is challenging without ever being frustrating. The art and graphics are perfect and the overall game is designed to make you feel good about yourself.
1	thank you for your efforts we need more new tecnology
1	Fun game Good mind activity game to play. Makes you think.
1	Tutor Forever Kids read at 2
1	great app
1	Great physics fun The first Sprinkle game was soso to me but this one seems to capture my attention more and is great fun. It's also nice to see a game that I can buy once and not have to continually throw money at for extra features and levels.
1	Awesome Really works
1	Learning games
1	Amazing Game It was so boss. I get to play multiplayer with my friends and family also. I even get unlock levels on campaign. When I play this game it feels I can do anything.
1	Xoxo This is very nice game
1	Great Just like the website. Easy to use. Accurate forcast too. Thank you.
1	I think its one of the best word puzzle apps ever
1	Nice Its really too good.
1	Fun adventure It took me quite a while to finish this game. I liked the complexity. I'm going to look for more developed by these folks. Thanks
1	Small app good on space. Makes since easy to use. Update kinda made it a little bit not to friendly from the old software but still good and easy to get use too.
1	You made it This game is good I'm glad you made a football stickman.
1	Love it but... This is my favorite game on my phone. But please update it with some more content. Its a shame to stop working the best show, game on cartoon network. Yet they still work on games that promote teen titans go. Which is milked soo much.
1	I'm making an awesome dino world Never stop playing
1	Keeps in touch Its a different way to keep in touch with my friends anf family, I adore  it
1	Some are easy but I am stuck on one and I can't figure it out .but other wise the game is great
1	Its cool It cool because you act like its your kid or something and I LOVE IT
1	Best all in one root app ever Especially for beginners. Save money buy this all apps rolled into one.. Still
1	To beginners if you don't know where your troops go then play this game.This game is so fun
1	Works perfectly Great to use on a road trip
1	Challenging I love this game now can I play with my sister so now I can beat her
1	Finally I played this game years ago on my old ipod and loved it, now it's back and great as ever
1	Great game Love this game although it won't show my ranking right even though I get it with a faster time
1	Amazing Panchtantra in Hindi This very good app. good cocept I like it
1	I should've gotten this game a long time ago This game isn't stupid nor data consuming this game is THE BEST game I've came across YET
1	Know before you board Quick and easy way to know line status before you leave. Maps and other goodies too.
1	Love it Great way for my daughter to prepare for school
1	TOCAlt3 Toca games are incredible, though this is the only free app. Try making more free app, that way you'll be a well known developer. TOCAS are awesome, great quality and very fun. Plus no need for WiFi.
1	Awesome
1	Prison life rpg This game is awesome. I've never had a more favored game for my phone.
1	Great game Challenging, but not frustrating. Helps with attention. My favorite pasttime game.
1	Great game Just wanted this
1	Awsome I love it so much
1	        ... 
1	A big beautiful interesting graphics game This is an amazing game ever without being played cause this is the first and last kind of game counts on levels really hard growing into pressure and obstacles who no one can reject
1	Quick and easy access to data Well organized to provide fast results.
1	Great game it's a good balanced game and doesn't have crazy adds or purchasing fees just to play a good part of the game
1	WAAAGH
1	Ain't no better Way To keep up to date with Eskom's unpredictable loadshedding schedules. 100 accurate for all my saved locations
1	Yas I love it. Its the only twitter app where I can upload videos from gallery, even if it's only beta. Please keep up the improvement 
1	Very good Gives u all the error codes and gives vry nice plot for the diffrent parts performance. Helped me to analyse the fault cause accuratelly.
1	 app,smt 3gcsl 4g  
1	Sher bliss The music, on its own, is worth the money. The game is just so original and creative.All wile being very well made. I am glad to see new content has poped up too. Will be enjoying this game for awhile.
1	Wow This game is very very successful because its is very entertaining.
1	Excellent. Excellent game love playing it.
1	The best game This appGame  is the best I wish I was a boy but I am a girl people say I am a tom boy. I like moterbikes lots. I wish I was a farm. This games is like a farm but different
1	excellent app hopefully it will continue to work for the F type vehicles
1	Very impressed Finally I got this amazing app on my Galaxy note.. this app is one of the most advanced drawing app, one thing I hope to see in this app in the future is 4K canvas size.
1	Ok It's a cool funny game
1	Yupp,  it is awesome Works perfectly, worth the price by far
1	Awesome I like games like this, card battles, just started playing and yet getting addictive to it. Hopefully it will be more fun, lets find out
1	Amazing I really like it. I made a pack but can you have pups
1	So cute Love the game he is sooo cute
1	I like it It is a feeling that we drive on off road
1	Fun and cute Love the animations and bonus games are a little fun
1	Best App Ever This app is so fun and addicting. I've drained my battery so many times because I cannot put it down.
1	I love this game you also try one time this game ...........  ....
1	1 mobile game This is one game you dont want to miss. All the right things are being done to keep this game at the top of the list.
1	Awesome app. Saved me when ola failed
1	Fbggggghhjjbb.  m ''''K
1	Lottie Dottie  Chicken Wow  Kaelyn  ya
1	Endless entertainment for your little ones My daughters teacher recommended these games, they are reasonably priced, educational and great for entertaining the kids when they're bored
1	Kids love it Love this app it's entertained my kids and given me space. Thanks
1	Very useful Nice app, it often works, but it cannot do miracles, if your nanny is hungry or has colic, no sound can call herhim. But if the baby is just nervous, these sounds work great
1	Crisp interactive time killer It's pretty, it's elegantly simple, it's engaging and bugfree. Everything you want in a 2D shooter. Get it.
1	Awesome 
1	My cartoon On my television  tv
1	Great, addictive and entertaining Love this game. Long hours of entertainment. Have it on all my electronic devices
1	Needs more robots. Here's what I have in mind the mecha suit is were you put yourself into it and it has a Gatling gun and the fist would be as powerful as the power hammer. Could you please put it on.
1	Great version of classic game Never get tired of a quick round.  Advertising on this free version not too intrusive.
1	Nice It very good I am in love
1	Great initiative Really good app, I have tested it several times by comparing the results with the actual traffic and so far so good.
1	Cool but lags but don't worry you don't have to fix it The clean master app can
1	Works great on my cheap OBD II Bluetooth device with my Tab S. Superb graphics and great realtime logging straight to Dropbox. 5 Star App. The best.
1	It's  a  great  game I love that the simulator  made it where u could  name the wolf.
1	Epic 3d racing rocks  .I love all the characters and if you play it you'll have to give it 5 big fat stars
1	Great app for my 1 and 3 year olds
1	Awesome App What can I say  it does what it does with no issues.
1	excellent apps my 16 months can play on her own after 2 days
1	Make a new game You should make a mud bogging USA because mudding is my favorite thing to do I mean its fun and a really addictive thing so please make a mudding usa
1	Great app I dislike reading, so the fact that this app has a read aloud option that doesn't sound like a robot is nice. I get to listen to the word of God whenever, wherever. 
1	Like candy crash Sweet
1	Games for toodler
1	Katrina It's a wonderful game to play and it never gets boring
1	This app helped me win my league last year. Without a doubt the best draft prep you can get
1	Drum solo hd I thought it sounded good, easy to play, and pretty loud on a good phone. I very much enjoyed it
1	Oh Just Try It Brilliant  Simple Scary Fun Flawless on my Tab S..
1	Best game ever Works beautiful
1	My mother and I found a game that we both enjoy, since we both are music lovers.
1	Agame Very best on android
1	Awesome Realy scary game i got jump scared by Freddy, Chica and Bonnie. I would love it if they added 1 more night besides that realy Awesome  game.
1	wonderful app excellent app we can send sms quickly  faster no need to login every time but if supported in regional languages  such as Telugu, Hindi, Kannada, Tamil etc it would be better
1	WOW OK to be honest at first I was like I would never like this game and now I'm so addicted
1	Can't fault it Used loads of financing applications and this is buy far the best Thanks
1	Amazing
1	Excellent voip application. Love it.
1	Interesting game very good but needs more traffic to make it challenging. Plus  the fares need to vary depending with distances also up em a bit cow five bucks will take forever
1	By the way I'm  only 9 and I play on my mom's phone so she don't right this I do. I love it though. Thank you god
1	Its so fun Sitting on the bed hearing stories
1	Beautiful game..its a real game..no 420.
1	Amazing Vry gud...my gk is improving while playing this game
1	I love wordsearches Great little free download game 
1	Love it Exellent game
1	Good With good fps and graphics this game is really fun. Can easily play on the highest graphics
1	Very nice app...I like ...
1	Mint Desttoy the likes
1	Like I like this game very much
1	Very good but buggy Outstanding.
1	Nice game
1	Always  loved these kind of game If my mom hadn't gotten me where's my water 3 years ago I wouldn't even know about this game
1	Awesome Its like a virtual hair cutting game
1	Faux Pooper You will take many poop breaks at work so you can play this game.
1	Pretty good I thought it looked childish at first but it really fun, and I love the gems that heal you in battle they are really handy and some games don't have them
1	Can't stop playing. It's addictive When will you be adding new levels The last update was quite some time ago.
1	Awesome icons Awesome icons and support to team.
1	Incredible sequel Even better than the first one, spot on gameplay and graphics. Incredible water effects and awesome tricks and sense of speed. 5 stars. Highly recommended.
1	Asome and perfect logging in It's the perfect games I can go anywhere with me and watch BrainPOP but the only thing it needs is to not use the internet and load up faster
1	It. is. veryyyyy. nice Downllod. this game i. love the. game. sooo mutch. but i don,t. love to make broken brake
1	Nice weather app Nice
1	daisy love it
1	so cool Prashant likes
1	best app ever best cleaner for android ever .....
1	Its amazing app
1	Great Best app so far for planning trips and sharing, cheers
1	Works Convenient little app. Does what it's supposed to.
1	My daughter loves this game, highly recommend
1	Yay I love it especially because there is not ads and my play home school is coming out today Yay 
1	Ace Get this, not only is it ace its awesomely ace,fun and inventive...more please
1	 
1	Love it I have never ever played such an amazing interesting game in my entire life.  I love it.
1	Ok its good good morning good night and good evening bye how are what are doing house rento is super and thik your self its a good idea ok bye see you again may be some another time
1	Best comic viewer I've used Really love the fact that you can open files from cloud servers.
1	It is great so fun............ I love it so fun I love just how it sssssoooooo fun.....
1	Just perfect And u can challenge friends play too    wicked
1	Awesomeness My daughter loves baking. She loves it so much. I am rating 5 because I love it too. 
1	I love this game it is so cool Nice this game I don't even have words that's how good it is
1	Good game Finally added back to exit. A couple of days to fix an bad update. Honestly it can be better,  but considering that this is done by a small porting company, not bad.
1	Best crossword app Excellent support.  I reported a problem with one of the updates, had a response within a couple of hours and a fix was released a few days later.  Other app developers could learn a lot about customer service from this company.
1	So cool apps
1	Best Android cribbage app This is a great deal.  Free play online, and there's always someone online to play with.
1	Love it I'll never watch a weatherman on tv ever again
1	Read below Its really really good but i want it to come out with the second episode and the season pass is too much we just bought the game and now we have to buy the season pass
1	Throwing Money At The Devs
1	An impressive port An impressive port that fully utilizes the touch controls of android. Now that they fixed the offline support and it works for the nexus 6 I'm looking forward to many hours of reliving one of my favorite games of my youth.
1	Lots of fun. Easy to start playing.
1	4 Pics I Word Totally addicted, got up to over 3000, changed phones and lost it all.52115 received prompt for new downloads, download did not load.  help.Got downloads, but only 25, geeshhh
1	Good
1	The best ever
1	Great fun  Made walking fun. So this is our first time in London and this app plus the GPS feature got us around the city without having any issues.
1	Game I love the thought processing you have to do on order to play this game
1	Unique Brilliant game, couldnt put it down, even though quite challenging completed in under 4 hours. Well worth buying plus you get 70000 xp
1	My 2 yrs old daughter loves it  I just wish for a lock screen option 
1	 It helped me get my brothers at hinden go seek gun I tricked them into im just going to use my tablet for light LOL
1	good loved it
1	I love it Awesome I love the game so much You can make what you want Build what you want Create what you want This is a game you should buy I love it All your games are amazing They are very fun and entertaining Thanks Toca Boca AB 
1	Gr8t App Love the new material design..
1	Fun to play . When I can't sleep it gives me something to do. It's. My go to game. .
1	Really fun Good way to kill time, controls are a bit tricky at first but you get used to them pretty quick Only thing is I'd love for the carsdrivers to be updated for the current season but I doubt that'll happen
1	Fun Game I love games like this and this does not disappoint I especially like the map that allows for quick travel from one area to another as well as gives a hint about whether or not there are any tasks to do at that time. Thanks
1	OMG I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH I LIKE IT SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH
1	Great but hard Great looking and smooth running app. I play it on like level 3, and it gives me a good challenge. It's been years since I even played checkers. It is a game that is very simple, yet the strategy can be deep.
1	This game is really fun even if your only playing with one other player. Me and my boyfriend loved this game.
1	Epic The smartest game in the Play Store. Great atmosphere, best puzzle game ever. 5 stars easily
1	Great app Very helpful
1	Great, but... Please please please add native controller support. You can control movement already, but you cant walk, jump, attack, etc. UPDATE You listened Works perfectly with bluetooth controller. Worth every penny. Thanks.
1	Please update this game..i have completed all the levels and now there is no other stage to fight.it only shows the option titan but there is no way to fight him..please update this game as soon as possible
1	superb on 4.2.2 TW but slowed my 4.4 kitkat superb.  no more overheat no more battery drain. Much smoothly and faster rom now on 4.2.2 android is excellent..but slowed my kitkat 4.,4
1	Finally I've been waiting, and it was worth the wait.  My only complaint is that it's too short.  I liked the extra goals in the first epic that this one seems to be missing.
1	My Daughter My Daughter loves this game she keeps asking fory phone to play
1	SO COOL This game is fun
1	Boredom Blaster I find myself playing Angry Birds Space whenever I am bored. I love trying to figure out various strategies for each level. Its a great game.
1	Mytg She's so fat I need an energy what time I'm going but we beat on one side and V on phone you cry easy pannekoeken show de don omar cartoons about you know who booty poppin in my thirties
1	Love it Sometimes a little delayed with the updates but only by 10 or 15 minutes. saved me many hours of waiting on a platform
1	Keep up the good work Really nice app, easy to use, very helpful features e.g. PID combination  exporting recorded data. Works great with cheap ELM327 bought from ebay  china. Looking forward for manufacturer specific PID support.
1	Just play it One of the best games released for android.
1	Fantastic game. Nothing to complain about. Challenging but not impossible. Nice graphics
1	Nice game Fun to play little glitchy at times on the Note 4 but fun.
1	More languages Make it availiable in portuguese.. Please.........
1	Super Da machane ee app kollam ketto fake id undakkan pattiya app thanne
1	I Love this type of music
1	Wery well
1	Good game Very adventures GAME I am lovi'n it
1	Love it can we have new 1s plzz x
1	Love it
1	Green lane heaven Awesome tool for the green laning enthusiast. A must have.
1	Love it A great and fun game just like regular monster busters Updates were nice too thanks so mooch.
1	Really awesome guitar It's awesome Iove it and I play it already and its fun I compose asong actually like love song like that best guitar apps
1	     
1	It's so AWESOME I love this app it makes me feel accepted n' you know like someone that everyone likes. Thank you for this app. 
1	Best ever
1	Very nice
1	Toperoo
1	Very much like Let's Farm and just as much fun.
1	Hexa Monster Busters Great game challenging but not frustrating.
1	Fun game Love the format. Needs some tweaking but still new. Love that can make a good player and not spend a dime. Don't like that can't get into servers. Stop making new servers just make them larger lol
1	It is just fab the girl looks beautiful. The make up equipments are also good. I LOVE THIS GAME
1	Erek jr Dammi love it
1	A very nice game with a tremendous control system. Lots fun and lots of monster killing
1	Nexus 5 running android 5.0 lollipop Great game now they fix some bugs and looks good perform good it need some more futures but is good for now
1	So cheap I bloody love this game and all the papa games keeps me entertained for hours hehe
1	It works This is the first blackbox app I've found which works as expected. Also intuitive to use, and not too resourceheavy.
1	Played every day Very addictive brain improver. Clever prompts help you see words you could have made.
1	 Great Job This app is outstanding. Awesome games that are fun to play. B
1	Funny My little kid loves this game.
1	So neat for newbies This app is so awesome My kids and i are obsessed, it's so simple that my 6 and 4 year olds can use it with ease. We are amateurs, so we aren't aware of information holes, like a few reviewers mentioned, but it's teaching us a lot
1	Great way to blow off steam... Because of the fast paced nature of the game, its a great way to blow off steam and wind down from a stressful day...
1	I'm addicted Very fun game.  Android version is much better than the blackberry.  Just wish Iso was easier to come by without money.
1	LOVE you
1	What I love it is because it's the awesomest game ever
1	It's good and beautiful game 100 I like it so much 
1	Awesome. Worth every penny. I've purchased this app on Android and iOS and will purchase forever. Best crossword app out there.
1	Oooh ma gad Greatest game eva plz dont stop makin these games
1	Awesome
1	Fun way to pass time These puzzles make you think especially when you're trying to beat the clock.
1	Great
1	Just thankful that there is these kind of spiritual pick me ups to send to my friends in Christ Amen
1	To easy Allready completed the game I have all the characters like the healer handyman cyber skunk is last
1	Enjoy this game
1	Watch this game. You can spend so much time on it the dishes truly won't be getting done, till the cows come home
1	If you like spider solitaire... Then give this app a try... Straightforward implementation with a few configurables. One, two, and three suits supported. Very nice. Play it often.
1	A unique and pleasant surprise Fantastic weather app Sights and sounds of real weather conditions. I didn't think I would ever gush over a weather app like this. Pro version is well worth the price. Thanks for a great weather app
1	Elmient Great application..
1	Impressed. Fairly basic, but it does everything I need it to, which is basically track how much my vehicle is costing me overall. Functional and easy to use... so long as you remember to use it every time you fill up.
1	Yay I am so glad I found this game it is sooooo fun
1	Not bad Its usefull
1	I love it but I wish the tractortralers had different wagons so you can hall tractors and stuff like that.So plz think about it plz.
1	Great Thanks for making a game that once you pay for it, you own it. 4year old loves it No IAP garbage, just a happy kid
1	The best Pumped 1 and 2 I found myself playing more often then any other game. The new 3d is spot on along with the manuals being more controllable. Great game.
1	Excellent Excellent
1	A very useful app for competitive exam preparations.
1	Great app Love it easy and simple
1	Best game I've found Love the racing So much fun
1	Amazing Everything I look for in a mobile game. Only draw back is that I wish there were hidden items. It would add more depth to the levels and add some replay.
1	New update I love this game. But the new update is terrible. Getting constant server errors and multiple LUA errors.
1	Very good Just as the regular game
1	Perfect transition Loved this it was perfect for a new version the controls feel natural and its already a great game. Now wheres sonic 3
1	This is the best mobile game I have ever played.
1	God Nice app
1	Still awesome I have bin playing this game since 2013 and its still awesome.
1	Loving it I read it if I'm bored pretty interesting
1	Best game ever
1	Crossword Awesome, great to have the hints if you are stuck.
1	Great
1	Love it Just one thing can you please include the voice output onto Google Translate Thanks Other than that, the app is awesome. Keep up the good work 
1	awesome it is so awesome.i love it so much.
1	Perfect. 100 Stars if I could 1000000 out of 10
1	Awesome game Loved it works really good on android skinny mobile phones so check it out please my tom is called tigga
1	Petting zoo
1	A good pizza making game These games were ment to be played on a phone not on a computer
1	Satisfied It has some features that complement what Samsung note has. Ok lah sesuai harga worth the price
1	Love it plays even better than i remember.
1	nice   
1	Killet
1	Awesome mahjong Awesome challenging and relaxing game. Love that you can customize the tiles and background.
1	Always have been my favorite I don't even remember since when I am using this app.
1	Love the push notifications and the links on release days
1	Great app. I haven't tried using with a bluetooth mic yet.
1	Adnan My favourite piano
1	Great game I can't count how many times I've played this game but it always keeps me entertained with how interactive the game is. 
1	nathan NiceGame
1	Pretty Useless Dosent have that much variety, but it does what it says
1	Great playability Love this game. Not an online player. Would like to see an additional campaign or maps.
1	Great domino game After many tried apps, this is by far the best one. Wish i had thought of it.
1	Works great Love that I can calibrate as needed.
1	I paid 7 for kraven to get stuck in the tree
1	Ludooooo Yeah its perfect
1	Brilliant This is the most brilliant and amazing arcade game I have ever played.Absolutely I'l give it 5 stars.
1	AWESOME This app is so cool I am obsessed with chipmunk my only problem is that every time you go back to main menu there is an advert
1	Animal Hunting  Africa Awesome 3D sniper shooting game Smooth UI with excellent graphics
1	Iloveit this game
1	Yoga pants make me yogurt pants Smoke weed everyday
1	tommy how can i locate my phone if its lost but i did not alarm my anti theft alarm please help me to recover my phone.. 
1	Good game, old feel Retro, self  aware rpg
1	I hate this Crp Structuralismc attachments TV fix shh go fyi go chi hi go go FL do yo to DJ do to do
1	Fun Good for party's
1	Amazing game. Each new stage brings something new. The chests behind the secret walls in the eastern and western most points in epos world wont open for me though. Starting to annoy the completionist in me. But only bug ive found in this great game
1	Love the app. Tried the free app and decided to get the paid app. Thanks for saving my rear more than once. Definitely worth the paid version.  Keep up the great work. Everyone should have this app
1	Just like hill climb but better Its a really fun  challenging game but takes a bit to get use to so dont give up. Once you get the hang of things its fun  easy but challenging trying to beat your best score
1	Great app pays well and saves you real money 
1	Awesome Brilliant stuff, one of the best.
1	Just love the app. It should b free.
1	I have a lot of time with it I love it
1	Billing issue fixed Thank you so much for fixing in app purchases So happy
1	Awsome It is a very good game i figured out that when you turn the camra around you can take s picture of your face you can make a necklace  by making  it bigger or smaller and you can flip them upside down.
1	Nice application Good
1	Cool Amazing
1	Cool Game Its fun to play when you have to sit and wait.
1	As someone who only knows the basics of blackjack, this app really helped me understand the game.  I liked the helpful tips too Fantastic app for beginners looking to learn to play like the pros
1	It's a keeper Even with all the crashes frustrating, I LOVE this game Quick question, I updated today on Google Play to 1.8.8. Why does my game still say 1.8.7.24 Crashes are more frequent...
1	Aubrey.Penningvodamail.co.za Great for planning your day in advance .Aubrey Penning
1	Weather Great app you have a lot of options to play with.
1	love it....its sooo fun beating japanese people at their own game
1	Animoca Loved this type of game so much. Excellent for passing time. Also installed My Car Salon 2. The spin is another way to earn the gold coins, no need to use your real money. I bought the Doraemon in less than a week. Try it yourself.
1	makgood awerlo
1	The one thing I don't like is the drill wisp i makes you miss some of the cakes in the birthday level
1	Nice game This game looks pretty
1	Sooooo much fun
1	Used to be 1 star It was working, then it stopped. Now it's working like a charm
1	Addicted.  Totally. It's simple enough to pick up and put down whenever, but challenging enough to keep you hooked  and the levels are designed with just the right growth in difficulty.  I don't play games on my phone often, but this is a keeper.
1	Goed en genotvol
1	Tekken I dont trust this one.
1	Its easy to play A very good game is like this.No hardness.A 2 12 years old kid xqn also play this game.Its very cool for Android and IPHONE. With no space
1	Panchtantra in Hindi good app very usefull
1	Amazing It brings me back to my favorite childhood books chose your own adventure. First day and already addicted
1	Perfect I wish there were a petstore but its awesome
1	pics quiz great to pass time, some  are really hard and make you think I think that is a good thing. Only problem is it stops responding at times.
1	Easy way to kill time This game is a lot of fun and a great way till those times that you are stuck waiting.
1	Real fun and accurate. Fun way to see your local weather.
1	Great game It was a great game but its just not scary I played the first one so much and then this one so much I just know when I'm gonna get scared but I loved it, it is still fun to play 
1	My son loves it and he is learning more and more
1	Awesome I've played for 30 seconds. What an adorable game. So so fun as well. Well worth the free
1	Highly addictive. Well worth the one dollar  payment.
1	This app is so user friendly for all to use.  Its great for when a weather event takes place, due to the constant updates being so much earlier than bom, etc.  Great app HSC, highly recommend it.
1	Accurate Rating Excellent chess game that accurately gauges your chess rating
1	Great except latest update Since you brought back a truing option with the latest update,  5 stars Thank you
1	Shiva the time bender Simply awesome
1	Best free cell game available I've wasted a large portion of my recent life playing this game. It has none of the irritating lack of features that the competition have and believe me when I say that I've tried them all. Great version of this game.
1	Awesome This app is good for my   little cousin
1	Wonderful graphics good and best stylish pieces and board
1	Nice app I got to know a lot of pipol be cause of dis app.. D
1	Dr Panda's Mailman Cool this will be so fun
1	It is what I have been looking for My daughter loves the somgs and the stories... The cartoon characters too Thank you for making this one
1	Awesome game bt how do u beat that big dude with that huge light post he just keep on steeping on my plant
1	Bollywood is lik a chapter fr me which I have to read evry day. .
1	Pointless Really challenges you with the questions brillant
1	Number 1. It's working, here's ur fifth star... Thank u so much...
1	Folder option required I have about 40 downloaded books. There is no way to arrange them. Please provide some folder or other options to arrange the books as per my preference.
1	Love it Guys this game is just amazing  I love this game this game functions are very nice and very good I love this game I hope you all will install this amazing game 
1	This is good for littles ones I just got it but I went through it and I know my 2 year old will love this app he likes learning and when he wakes up from his nap I will show him it and I kno he's gonna love it good app to learn
1	Monster legends I love this game so much
1	Very cool This game is very cool i liked it alot
1	Best Ever application
1	Great help Makes me win
1	Cool This is a good game really challenging but great
1	Good    better Best
1	What is with you people Its not a game people it's an interactive comic. If you're a fan you will download. For a comic lover its a great download.
1	I am going to play it
1	This is my first app I m buying in Google play.. To be frank I used to put crack for all paid app. But for this I don't even think of searching for crack.. I loved the app so I just bought it. Please keep up the quality by providing frequent updates
1	Very much for the time
1	Awsome Best drumset there is Install Try it Love it Rate 5 it
1	Big fan Dont really play apps on my phone but i bought it just to support what you guys are doing atay awesome 
1	Good game Just as good as the version on my laptop.
1	Love the app Favourite part is when it tells me when sites get restocks, really helps getting  for retail
1	Nice....now I can beat my lil bro And get them jjjjssssssbefore him
1	Great tool This is truly a great tool for making your way around NYC and Manhattan in particular
1	Jacky Zoci I like this game and it's 3d feature makes it better
1	Love Spanish This app has a fabulous way of teaching, so great, really enjoy it
1	I love this game so much
1	One of ix reasons to love dragon quest. Now to patiently wait for dqvii...
1	Beast quest I love this game  Right amount of diffaculty ,keep up the good work
1	Love it Just downloaded. It. Tonight the graphics are amazing addicting games very fun can kill off a lot of hours when your bored
1	Best game Awesome game best 1.99 I ever spent
1	My sister loved this game It isbso
1	Great I like it lots yes there was teething troubles but well thought out an enjoyable.... The updates have helped...still enjoying this game keep up the good work guys
1	Love it I just love it it's a very cool game its amazing and its way and its just a very cool game I love it
1	The age of wanning Awsomes better than clash of clans
1	Excellent This game is excellent. I think people should get this game.
1	Great. Before the update it was not even letting me enter the game, but i finally can after the update.
1	I luv nicki minaj so much I luv nicki minaj and all her songs I know all of them and only high school pound the alarm anaconda and super bass I just want her to make a nicki minaj hollywood game like kim kardashians one
1	Good game but Add commentry 2 . Correct spelling 3. Please add 90 overs in a day in test matches  4.and day test match
1	Brilliant With a baby on the way this is exactly what i was looking for to document it's life
1	The best
1	Guess the brand Loved it more then any other game. Some brands are hard but I don't care.
1	Lol finished it first try Didn't even realise it   It took me about a  1 minute xD .... Lfmao  Anyway great game....
1	Good
1	i love games like this. simple and fun im a sucker for 8 bit niche rpgs. this is a keeper.
1	Works well Works as promised and the developer was quick to answer my question.
1	Amazing I spent hours on the original then Dragon Warrior on NES. Nice to see the exact same game with upgraded graphics and sounds. My,buddy and I got in trouble trying to skip thanksgiving dinner one year trying to level up.
1	yas
1	My Puppy Sooo cute
1	It's really good I love it just make an update so it keeps repeating the tune too not just the beat otherwise it's awsome
1	Baby games My brother enjoys every game
1	Addictive Great fun, very addictive, hard to stop playing. Lots of time wasted trying to beat friends.
1	Useful and good looking. Reminds me when I need to maintain things. Keeps interesting records. Icon design is fantastic. May be turning me OCD.
1	Excellent Beautifully designed game. Simple elements that focus attention on the puzzle. Hoping for more sequels.
1	Add character customisation It's great just I want to customize my character that's one thing that's such a bore its not fun with no customizing your character so plz add that and I'll change it from 4 stars to 5 stars
1	Really a very good game........ Everythings great about it except sometimes the game gets hanged while playing and lose all the xp you earn,is what disinterest me...otherwise its awesome with easy controls.........
1	Love it Best td by far. I always come back to them.
1	Love it For people who wants cheats use debug mode by doing no save file pick sonic tap on all 4 sega letters when the opening shows swipe 2 fingers moment of truth hope it works then bam debug mode
1	Better then any 4,000 add on navigation package for your car. Just make sure your car has blue tooth.
1	Epic This is the best app EVER
1	Great Challenging but oh so fun My family and I love to play this together Fun on the go,  by yourself, with friends, or family. Have had no issues with it  overall 5 star great game  
1	I love it,my kids play it
1	The kids love it Both of my younger kids love all the Dr. Panda games.  Best of all, it keeps my daughter still and content while I brush her hair. Bonus
1	Love it oh my gosh I love it because its a hunger game
1	Love It I got the other what if but it was  to inappropriate  so I was lucky enough to find this version and I saw what you did with the questions you just use the same ones but make them appropriate  for kids
1	Best Game Ever Pretty coll,nice graphics and good gameplay. Nothing could be better than this.  
1	Love it I love anime and this app gives you alot to choose
1	Yasssssssssss I saw a friend play this on an iphone and ive been waiting to play forever and its finally here This game is pretty dope. Wont lie. I give the O G 5 stars
1	GALAXY TAB 3 Runs smooth and is super fun some engine noise differences would be nice but none the less 5 stars.
1	Great as always Toca boca apps in general are great and this one is well made too.  it is enjoyable, humorous but more importantly, easy to use for kids. doesn't require reading and no ads or inapp purchases annoyances.
1	Blend sounds
1	Root Checker Pro on Razr Awesome app
1	Consigliata Grande App
1	I love this app. This is the best comic reader around. Recent fix on crash and hang issue has been great. But page turning is a pain now.
1	Our little girl loves this app. Going to buy more
1	I am on there daily Good app
1	So far, no complaints. Love the updates.
1	Great app Must have...new update is really good
1	Amen
1	Love it But,you guys should make other my playhome games like my playhome pool,my playhome post office or,my playhome amusement park if would be awesome if you guys did this
1	I do love this game  it's in all of my tablets  I am downloading it in this one too  I will recommend everyone to download it.          Riddhi Khilnani
1	Great app My 4 12 month old loves this app keeps him well entertained he grabs at the animals and giggles at the noises great app for babies through to 3yrs
1	I love this application
1	love love beat down
1	Its great U can can talk to three other ppl  da same time
1	Something's fishy Used to work,now it doesnt ,it keeps saying error in a top right corner         editthey fixed the error
1	I like it
1	Weather forecast Local weather
1	Awesomeness Keeping it
1	JUST ONE THING TO DO... In meet a stranger we need opposite gender person. Male for female and female for male. I'm getting only male person in this. Try to do something about it if you can...
1	Perfect app The best flashcard app for android systems. Note that it also saves the packs locally for offline learning if you at least open it once while connected to the Internet. Easier to use the web for creating and arranging cards, though.
1	COOL This Spokane is really financial nd it's so cool for a rainy day... me an my sister play it all the time when were just bored or it's a late night and no one feeling quite sleepy yet..it's very fun and I think that everyone should download it.
1	Payout is very slow.
1	Love it use it twice 3 times a week Love to see the uploads of others catch
1	Great game Lol in the description it says it has over 100 M downloads but it only has 50 M
1	Good Use it
1	Wonderful The app is well designed.. Efficient and works nice on low Internet speed too.  A unique way to connect to the business world and improve your network
1	Super Wonderful game full time pass
1	Amazing AWESOME This game is great much better than the free one the only thing that is bad about it is you don't get the reptiles you need to pay 79p for them not a bad price but I thought you got all of the animals but it is still AWESOME 
1	Amazing This game is awesome, it works perfect, and also it's a very good and fun game Also very nice graphics, and controls of the car too This is better than Real Racing 3
1	My 3years old nephew was really love playing this kind of game..he was so amazed when he play..and so much fun to him... So that when I ask him how many star he want to give.. He ask 5star for my new game...
1	Great game Wonderful play, interesting, good AI, and I keep coming back for another game. One of best game geek apps I've played.
1	Turbo dismount Love it plz make a turbo dismount 2 where you do not have to pay for the veilcles but increase the prices for the maps
1	Awesome I loved the game I wish it you could put more cool games like this on AWESOME THANK YOU
1	Brilliant My one year old loves this 
1	Loved it I can't pass the bear with a hat who is he
1	A worthy successor to 10,000,000 Same old gameplay but massively expanded upon. Highly recommended for fans of match 3 and simple base building games.
1	Thank you for sharing I give it 5 its very good.
1	Loved it Great time pass
1	Loved it till after the last update.. Now it has a lot of glitches in the last 5 levels. Can't even play. Fix them and I will give it a 5..
1	Great game... Love cohesiveness of game... Love all background, love the  of options, etc   my favorite version of mahjong
1	Drum set Good game
1	Works great I love this app.  I can give it 5 stars and stop buying physical books that clutter up the house
1	Great Love it and want more from them
1	Somu
1	This game is fuck without fun waste of time and memory fuck fuck
1	The greats mobiletablet game. This is better than playing a console game with safety of the Google cloud backup. This game is a most play at any price. It's 50 off, now
1	Awesome An app I just can't live with without
1	Great game................................... I like this game very much because I have not played this game ever.
1	If there was big daddy v and am lee Andrew affected urge have faced no no no no no
1	Fun and challenging This app is worth purchasing. I tried the Lite version completely before forking the money. It is difficult without being discouraging.
1	Best game ever just got to get glitches fixed update fixed few but added few more
1	Premium is worth it Posted a review on the free version, and premium is well worth it. Truly an indispensable app for long car rides. Recent updates add great customization options.
1	Good 1 Like it... No issues like limited time or no. of moves....till level 38... I haven't played beyond that.
1	Addictive Addictive, been playing for nearly 4 years and the addiction is getting worse. Gameplay is flawless, adverts are fine, just wait for the 'X' and enjoy.
1	Excellent This app has improved so much since it first started out. It is my only method of scoring games as a coach now. Aand i have stats going back several seasons so i can see how players have improved. Keep up the good work
1	Great Plays great on my Nvidia Shield Tablet
1	Addicted Had to get the paid version.  Hate the ads.  I've been playing for a long time, and it hasn't gotten old yet.
1	Excellext My kids love this game.  Have it installed on several different phones and tablets.  Have not had a single problem.
1	Best comic app
1	Nice Great game
1	Wolf craft Gooooood
1	hanging  ilove  all
1	Awesome It helps me to get answers  to many unsolved puzzles....guides me in the best way in personal and social life. It is a sin if you have seen this app in play store and didn't give a try. Keep going developers. Best of luck.
1	Awesome
1	wasted commands but.. best game
1	Awesome app My 4 he old loves this It keeps her entertained and she is also learning to be more creative. The only problem is trying to get my phone back. Oh well
1	All u h8terz that say the game too hard and not too buy stop. Ur just mad cause u cant do it. It really is a great game I beat it. 5 starz
1	I love it The best
1	Great
1	This is amazing train Ilove 3d in a train or lrta or mrt
1	Great application Easy to use and professionally designed
1	Awesome game Love the multiplayer, everything is awesome. Cons awful optimatization, using too much data. Small bugs, but it's fine. Reduce data usage please.
1	Worth every penny Best art tool available
1	Has potential. Good game, has a lot of potential, I'd really love to see you continue to update this game more creo, more moves, maybe some balance tweaking, and some expansions Also fullscreen and more responsive
1	Have had it since day one apple and Samsung.  23 is doing a great job.
1	Amazing Playing PC almost like in VR.  In my case Im having some issues with the sensors of my Jiayu S3, but it seems to be a hardware issue with this phone.  Anyway, Im enjoying a lot playing Halflife again inVR
1	I love this game but since up date have had nothing but trouble would love to see a better way to get more power ups
1	Loved this one. Keeps your attention which caused me to stay up late playing it. If you're into challenges play this one. Good luck
1	AMAZING This game keeps me entertained for so long. I love the fact that you have many different animals. This game is amazing and so are the other toca boca games
1	Probably best mobile game to date. Worth every penny
1	Playable now, and very enjoyable I can now download extra content, so it's all good. The game is excellent.
1	Can't complain
1	Good but... My screen keeps going black and crashing
1	The money is hard to come by. Getting the cash is a lot of work n when you get it, it's just to little. It is a great game though
1	It. Is, a. ,great. ,flashlight. ,and very. ,handy  really. Handy. If  you ain't  got. It please get. The. Flashlight it. Is really. Handy The,  Flashlight it. ,is. GreatA.A.A.
1	Love it but need more  Update the game we need more than 9 rooms and thank you for the awesome game 
1	I love this great app. Thanks developers to create such a great app. I love this app it is a magic to see earn credits and userfriendly interface I loved it. This idea is best to win free mobile recharge.
1	Love it so much My daughter loves playing this, she loves the turtle's little tounge
1	Amazing It was fun playing the game You could make many creations,and creating is funIf you love to create, this is a good game for you
1	Panchtantra in Hindi nice and cool best panchantra in hindi app.really amazing
1	Love this version as well.
1	Bob Cool game.
1	Great app, great dev Now shut up and take my money
1	Excellent Very good app for selfservice.
1	Talking  tom I love it because he is pretty  and when I slap him he gets knocked out .
1	Panda slots Great
1	Pretty good Only thing is it made me realize how much i suck. I can't even beat lvl 1 difficulty i have to play on practice.
1	Love this app Amazing app, have used it for years and it's still the best app I've used for tracking  I'm very happy with it and it impresses everyone I show
1	Great An improvement from last year, far more challenging. Good job
1	Great game but... Just found the manual save feature. Totally hooked on this sim.
1	The best Get this blackjack app and you won't need another
1	Amazing Sick
1	Good Good experience
1	Very, very helpful my girls just love it and me too. Keep up the good work guys and girls
1	Awesome This game is do good and takes time to play. So if you have time to waste then this is your game
1	Very good Excellent
1	Best game ever other people are copy cat's nouthink better love it  all likely likely love IT lochley best game just best game
1	I agree You should listen to Angelina Corbin and..... others that say add more shops and stores
1	Love it Now my sister won't find out my password. Neither my mom or dad or my brother because  only i know the password.
1	Great I love itIt works perfect, they believe I'm calling someone D
1	Good 
1	This app is like the best game ever if you ever give a speech on this app u should give it five stars l love it and I am a girl I am an my dads tablet I am the little girl in the picture
1	Great simple idea I love it, the new calibration feature makes it a lot easierfairer although it may just be covering up my lack of rhythm p
1	Super Dooper I really enjoyed this app can be easily played with any songs like real.
1	I definitely give this game five stars I  this game Fun for all ages D
1	Numbers My little girl loved it and learn her numbers really good thank for putting it in xxxxxxx
1	Love it This is great compass with lots of cool features like the camera view and the coordinates right on the screen.
1	Fun Awesomely inventive
1	Love it I love all of the egghead apps I just wish this one had more puzzles to buy
1	I love it but it would be better if u can make a cartoon character out of a pic of your self
1	Awesome pack Keep up the good work.
1	Amazing It works and its simple...no bullshit
1	Its awesome I love making up characters like BIG SIS.
1	Fantastic  game Have played all these games and LOVE them Please hurry and create more mystical nice games like this.
1	Great UI, well written game. I spend hours on it
1	Great game I am enjoying my time playing this game
1	This is the best free chest game that I've seen so far.  I like the 3D animation ....
1	Amazing game It's a super game It's working perfectly on my phone Samsung Galaxy S3
1	This is awesome game I loved it, can impure our memory
1	Favorite phone game Love this game
1	My jetpack profile is safe Was a pain to get working on one phone but that's Sony's. Excellent app. Very happy.
1	Blood brothers 2 Well crafted keeps u very entertained....carful can be addicting....one small problem need more ways to build on your commanders or more research abilitys
1	Really good game.NEXT UPDATE. If u want too thoe u have to add car packs so we can purchase with real money
1	The nest is hard to find... For anyone who can't find the nest it is in a hole in the side of the tree, its a small ish hole and its hard to see but if you look closely you should be able to see it
1	Luv Luv Luv Luv Luv Luv..... I love it It's awesome  It's one of ma Family's favorites
1	No better game to play if u wanna make some cakes. I love it
1	Loving It I'm an anime fan , and I have tried drawing manga. This has helped me improve so much Thanks
1	Great game
1	Great app Ads not bad and the tile lay outs are great. One of the best mahjong games.  It's a must have.  Trying it
1	Amazing
1	Very very nice and net
1	Super oscer Its great 
1	Easy to use grocery list Nicely design with no  bells and whistles
1	copyrighted game
1	Fave game Mohjong is my favorite Chinese game. And I'm pro because it's so addictive
1	BamWhat I AM A MASTER AT GAMES AND THIS APP I RULE
1	This is the best game ever It is the best past time game ever and I am not sure but I think it sharpens your dances because you have to stay alert. Not the best game to play before  you go to bed but really good during the day
1	Needs some upkeep Backing up phone data leads to imminent failure, and there is still no interface for GPU controls, even now in KitKat. Reviewed on a LG Optimus 4x running CyanogenMod 11 Android 4.4.2.
1	Very different This game is one of kind and very interesting. I think that you will enjoy it. If you like to stack pancakes. Lol
1	ABC Come on play songs..
1	No one player option, it'll be more fun if online option can be included, and less power usage that's great, thanks for the developers.Creates lot of fun with friends
1	Great I'm regularly impressed by all of AI Factory's games. Gin Rummy is another fine one
1	Great This is a great on Nvidia shield tablet so far great choice of games pool,snooker and more and play online well worth the money hope there will be updates
1	love it
1	Awesome This is a great game I'm not taking away stars for this but it took a long time to download
1	Slotstreasure island VIP Best pirate slot. Great pictures. I LIKE THE STYLE
1	Incomparable Sky's the limit unless your not rooted'. Even if your not rooted it's extremely valuable.
1	The best Best game ever I be twelve clocking that three wheeler tho
1	Love it Hey guys I am a brony and I LOVE this game But its really hard to despell the darkness it gets expensive and can u make shining armours cost less plz and can't wait for crystal empire update
1	Houston  we have a problem. Beware the aftermath of updates.  Great game except when it crashes.
1	Loved it My 5year old  daughter really in too this game
1	Awesome Awesome game some glitches but nice game keep it up I think u should make fish Simulator.
1	Just perfect Wow, this is what I want far better than all the paid ones. May God bless the developer
1	I've played it before and it is It has good songs works fine all of that stuff
1	Unexpected When I got to know this game I thought It would be boring but it wasn't so you should play.
1	Fantastic The only recorder you are going to need. Ever.
1	Superv Very good time pass game ...  I play almost everyday ...lov it ...
1	Really enjoyable Completed woohoo 25 year fan so I got the old school wrestlers too, great memories 
1	The game was awesome please create an free edit team. Where you can create and customize you team
1	The best This game is so awesome and realistic,  the only thing that would make this game better if even possible  is Baja trucks or Chevys, Fords,  and Toyotas. Maybe a jeep wrangler too,  but this game is awesome now
1	Really fun app Love the new levels that the game makers have added. Still my favorite in the Angry Birds family
1	Better than Scrabble Best word game
1	Appart from having to pay for all the good ones some should be free
1	Awesome Stress buster after a long tiring day
1	Love this game The monkey preschool apps are great and my 2 year old loves them
1	Brilliant bit of kit Used to fault find my polo and within minutes found the problems
1	OMG you have to pllay Awesome
1	Well.. It crashed when i wax building a base but you didn't hear the bad news when i got back on it didn't save also can you add mobs and railroads and minecartx too pleeeeeeeeeeaseeeee stiil awesome
1	Fun There aren't a lot of games that keep my attention but with this one I can't get enough
1	Best Golf  Weather app I've found. I use this app for almost all my outdoor activities. Had it for about 2 months. 99.9 accuracy so far.
1	Beautiful app and great customer support.
1	So addictive Love the way this isn't timed and that there are so many levels.  Also you  can go back and redo any level to improve your score.
1	LLLLOOOVVVEEEDDD IIITTTT
1	Money well spent Without doubt one of the very best apps I have brought. For the price of a pint of beer and a packet of crisps you can't go wrong. Top App
1	Great game Simple and enjoyable, there is an unlockinglevelup system but it is there as an incentive to play, not as a means to encourage in app purchases There aren't any. Happy fishing
1	Amazing It is   boring tho but it is amazing
1	That a good game becuse i love musice 
1	 
1	Best Ive loved this game forever just never really had it for a long time thoe
1	Fixed
1	Great game my kids are loving it
1	Amazzzziiinngg It's really fun and it doesn't make you lose intrest.
1	Wicked BEST GAME EVER
1	Good superb but I want telugu
0	Ya no I'd ur going make an app make sure it works
0	STUPID ADDS THE STUPID ADDS POP UP EVERY 5 SECONDS 4 THAT DUMB GAME OF WAR OTHER THAN THAT... ALL U DO IS CHASE MICE AND WHEN U DONT WANT TO BE ON TIME MODE IT PUTS U ON ANYWAYS 
0	WTF Needs way more detail. 1. Sun should go down at 830pm not 900am 2. Animals 3. TNT block, diamond blocks and all them rare ones 4 A mother fkin save button 5. People Planet of cubes has all, install it
0	I love this game. But all of a sudden it when I go play the next episode it will play the stupid ads and then it just sits on the loading page. I have to close and reopen the app every single time now. This is very frustrating. PLEASE FIX THIS ASAP
0	Mark Now I can't send photo n images pls fix it and no more icon
0	No online matchmaking Wad a shame, for such brilliant game
0	Disappointed Won't go past the part to enter your name Fix it or give me my money back
0	Cards Problem I'll give certainly give 5 stars if cards are made stylish
0	Suxs I live near new orleans the biggest city in Louisiana. Would think it would be available but it's not. One city available for LA. Don't waste your money. Please refund my dollar ASAP.
0	Still doesn't find the highest scoring words 99 of the time. Can't use with WWF.
0	Crash Central Another update and still the additional levels won't load.... No chance of buying the latest episode until they do...
0	I am disappointed with this app I thought that the app would show you how to do it but it is just YouTube videos that crash my phone. I am going to have to get ride of it.
0	I had it for a couple weeks then it froze up, I uninstalled it and now it won't reinstall.... Keep getting an error message... But I still get notifications... What's up with that HELP
0	keeps crashing
0	Its a nic game Giving one star because no doubt its a lovely game, but you get only Thomas engine free rest all engines you have to purchase which is ver bad n sad. Developers could have come up with free version for all series
0	It doesn't work. I can't get the stars to move on phone like my friends does on her phone.  Wasted the fee for this app.
0	Waste of time and money I need refund please
0	Is this thing is only a picture
0	Hate It This thing crashes and has terrible music.    Worthless piece of s.
0	No dualshock support Why can you only use Moga controls on this game Xperia z3 and dual shock go hand in hand except with your game it seems. Fix it
0	Crashed crashed crashed It crashes at a certain point in the game every time. Waste of money.
0	You have to pay Lol
0	HATE No password recovery for my country HATE HATE HATE 2GO NOW
0	This game is only trying to make money So stupid you have to pay real money for new hero's learn how to make apps rookies
0	Great Ok
0	DO NOT GET THIS APP I got this app a couple of weeks ago and it has never worked I contacted the makers and they replied once but that is it. It still does not work Very disappointed Do not get this app
0	Don,t like new update. Keeps bringing back puzzle previously finished.
0	Keeps crashing... Icons don't change I want my refund
0	Thought it would be good I installed this game but there is networking problem plz fix this I pretend don't download this game . fix networking problem I'll give 5 stars
0	Dose not work Cant get in to the game stuck on the start screen Please fix it and 5 stares for u if its fix
0	Won't let us enter name.would like money back you thieves. Stupid can't even play
0	Make it work online properly Loved it but sometimes it disconnects automatically. Try making it work with slow internet and most of the time it says no internet even on wifi or mobile data
0	Camera permission For real RIP Kyrell Tyler
0	Bakar Kitna ganda game hai ek star likhana ka liya diya es ko like larna ka liya nahi stupit
0	Bakwass Ver bakbass game.need to some changes
0	Couldn't even got inside.. no facebook I downloaded and found out it's only for facebook users. I don't have facebook then how can I use it. Deleted.  At least add google login.
0	Not what I wanted Ok so I downloaded this app and when I opened it the calibration was off by a lot And i couldn't see the whole screen. Not good for my android. Please make an upgrade for android. Thank u
0	Too simple Mainly ended up being a HOG. The few puzzle were far too simple and no interaction with characters.
0	Sucks This game has terrible gracious and sucks
0	don't have search option plz how I can search place
0	I think it's pretty messed up when I purchase a app, spend money and data down loading it and it doesn't work  Freezes every time my kiss plays it FIX THE PROBLEM 
0	   
0	Please fix this Amanita I am stuck on 11 of 12 Achievements because the breaking out of jail did not register. If I replay, nothing happens. Achievement still inactive.
0	Ads man Wow how many ads do you gotta shove down my throat  Absolutely terrible.
0	They just steal your money 1 per minute. How much do the girls get paided They are on their 247  Total scam
0	Graphics not working properly Nexus 9 Game does not present itself properly. Field is entirely black. Players and uniforms are all blacked out
0	Used to work just fine.  Once my android phone was updated to 5.0 the app cannot copymove any file...  A fatal flaw since I paid for an app that doesnt do anything no more.
0	What happened Was the best ever. Now pop up ads on every page I go to. I have to search for the page I'm at all over again coz I can't go back. And one if the pop up ads links to this very page. You officially suck now.
0	This is point and click call of duty. Three released in one year and a fourth coming soon. ReallyReally Don't waste your cash,this game is complete crap
0	Had it as well for long time They really need to fix the lollipop issue.  Phones are moving forward not in reverse. I paid, so please fix for lollipop.
0	Reducing 5 to 2. The course I play Willowcreek is all screwed up. I tried to fix and seemed to help. Now its screwed up again. This is Willow Creek Sun City Arizona. I think somebody is  doing it wrong can it be locked when its fixed
0	Average at best The 500 music theme is used throughout the entire game, seems like a rushed job, no tension with the dramatic music like the real life game, however graphics look good.   Verdict Not worth paying for im afraid. 410 for me.
0	STUPID There is no direction to go UNDER STUFF
0	Pictures in Vault Older pictures can't be moved out. Error states You SD card is full. Back to vault now  But I clearly have space for it. I tried adding new picture into it and taking it out it works, just older photos won't work. Any quick fix
0	Good game still get ads. I paid for it why am I getting ads.
0	It thinks we are in Sydney....I'm in dunedin nz.....not very good
0	Needs to change a bit Not fun at all. Game takes money fast then give you too little to play anything after 3 hrs of waiting.
0	Still freezes Love the game itself but when i go to beat pops for the second time it freezes on the kill shot. I sent an email to the developers and recived nothing back. If this scam isn't fixed soon I'll have to find a way to get a refund.
0	Photos in the vault disappeared Updated the app now all the photos saved in photo vault have disappeared..... Kindly help me get back my photos
0	To many ads I get why this game has ads but this isn't what I thought would happen I can't even go to the level screen without it popping up ads If I take the ads off, it crashes and I have to start all over
0	Error Error code 24
0	Will not open ...please refund
0	It worked for a few months but now it keeps shutting down Now I updated it and can no longer make any phone calls...are you kidding me
0	Ridiculous I cannot open this app on my Galaxy Note 2. It prompts, 'this device is not authorised to play this game'. I want a refund.
0	Kent This app charged me twice for one product.  What's up with this
0	Doesn't work I bought and installed this app on my Huawei G6 but contactless function doesn't work at all.
0	App is dead, no updates The developers have stopped supporting this app. It's full of bugs that will never be fixed and is a rip off to those of us who paid for the app
0	Don't like I very very very very very hate this game
0	Piece of junk Do not buy if you have a note 4. Give me a refund
0	Shut the ads up OK, I understand the need for ads to pay for the game but there's no way to mute their juvenile music. That makes the game embarassing to play in a public place.
0	3rd class game. 3rd class game...
0	Awesome
0	Worth of money I can still use for anything i want FREE version. I've installed it because i wanted to restore one unsupported file but I didn't know i can use PC app.
0	Bad Just use a wired USB mic the app makes the game unplayable from the audio delay.
0	It takes to long to download
0	Doesnt allow exporting data Expected to save files and export since this is a paid version. What a disappointment Other apps can much more for a similar price. Also takes ages to get connected to the device.
0	Sucks Crashes like hell and won't let you post if does not feel like it  . Complete garbage
0	Won't let me play When I click play game it shows me Help Wanted and it loads and puts me in my home screen... REALLY Plus I am not scared of 5 nights at Freddy's l
0	Crash Everytime after finishing the race, it crashed on my zenfone 2. I want a refund please
0	No sound Please fix this. HTC One M8
0	I hate it I can't get past the privet polecey  mabby if you change that I will rate it a five stars I would say I like playing this game but since I never got to play it I rather not if you make that improvement I mite install it agein
0	Hate it
0	Worst app ever.no use No point of downloading it.waste of battery.waste of time.DO NOT DOWNLOAD
0	Still keeps crashing I know you guys updated the app twice within 23 days. I was promised a fix by the 4.12.4 update, but that didn't work. I'm now on the 4.12.5 version, but it still crashes on start up on my Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.
0	Unfortunately, it has stopped unexpectedly... I loved this game N0w I can't play it and I updated like they asked and this is what I get
0	British centred questions I am buying in Ireland but all questions are Brit  centred. Also, when I saw this I wanted to return it and get refund but option was not visible.
0	Cannot use Insure app after update After last update app doesn't recognize me or allow me to refresh register.
0	Boring So it's boring basically
0	What does it do I do not want this social network, but it is practically impossible to eliminate it from Android.
0	Dumb You can just repeatedly press the same key and it plays the song,I'm gonna uninstall this app  gt
0	I don't even know though I mean, it COULD have been fun. But the ad at the bottom of the screen kinda covered my shootpunch button, probably something under the ad that could have helped me drive the car too, but I wouldnt install again
0	Crap Doesn't work... though gps mandatory on... half star
0	Its lacking Only thing that good about this app is that its Chica, but nothing really works well and its boring
0	Stole Money THIS GAME WILL STEAL YOUR MONEY. Decided to buy the Unlock Everything packet and it took my money and unlocked NOTHING.
0	GARBAGE Don't waste your time on this unplayable game. Every time I even open it, the user interface stacks up on itself, So I Cant Even See The Screen. Broken app won't go 3 seconds without glitching up
0	Canadian Holiday's Bus times do not reflect Canadian holidays. All the arrival and departure times are incorrect.
0	Worst App This is one of the worst app I have seen in my life. Performance is worst and full of ads at every step
0	Disappointed Should have read the comments first...put it on Xperia z...cant play even one round  atm dont bother
0	It's not working Omg it was ma favourite game... After the Last updated it's not working please do something... Otherwise I will go crazy..                                                      Still u can't fix it
0	This is so not appropriete fir children in the volleyball one the guys privates are dangling out. My little 5 year old cousin was playing this and she asked me what that was. Try explaining that one to a 5 year old without traumatizing them.
0	Rubish app Used to luv it. Now it won't work on my note 4 . Can't load seating plan.
0	Very irritaing Ads cover the page and irrevlant
0	Exelent app This app can make safe driving and protect life
0	Sweet baby girl summer fun They only give you one
0	Fails to mention that it finished on the 31st May Real struggle to find this out until after it was purchased and stood in a location with no shaun
0	Doesn't work on androids Saw the magic on an iPhone. Bought a couple coloring books and tried with my Galaxy Note and nothing happens. Disappointed kids....especially after seeing it work on an iPhone.
0	Badd Very bad
0	The business is GREAT The app is horrible to be honest too long to try getting done at first...... moves very SHOW.... eventually I did it.... and the service was great....App still need more work in my pinion
0	Just constantly crashing Really enjoy the game when it works but just freezes up to often. Takes away from the enjoyment of the game. Using a Samsung Galaxy S5 lollipop update.
0	not convinced if this app requires android 4.3 an up, then why does it not work on android 4.4.4 devices When you call vitality drive, they say the device is not compatible, how is it not compatible I don't understand
0	Does not work on latest Android M preview I have been using this app since about 7 years, it seemed the purpose. But ever since i updated to Android M preview is not loading. Please fix it. You will get 5 stars.
0	page
0	Developer is begger Every 10 second  advertisement stop begging anyway uninstalling
0	Lack of features There is better gun apps out there.  There is no safety or manual  reloading.  Solid app but lacks the full steps of loading  a gun
0	Definitely shows it's roots... This is a port of an old Flash game, and it definitely shows in the graphics. Also, it gets very monotonous very quickly.
0	Ummmm... This dose not make sense.I mean like it's weird and it's a mimic of minecraft but wierder.Thats all I have to say...OOI wish I can rate it zero star's.
0	Garbage Don't waste your time downloading. Only part of the menu items even show up and is overall uneasy to use.
0	Delete Well its just black every time i try opening it and I had some good beats to it but seems like you guys don't bother fixing amything rate 1 this is just bad
0	Needs fixing My talking bubbles wont work when i click on them they wont work. Slow and needs to be improved.
0	Fix it Please fix it can't record when Bluetooth is connected. U guys keep messing up a wonderful app
0	Cheap scam This is a cheap app which tries to trick your child into buying or installing other apps.
0	I hate it so much I just want to scream
0	Keeps closing saying unfortunately maps has stopped working Can't do anything, always crashes
0	Angry parent It was fun but it stopped playing and some activities cannot be unlocked Do not download this crap
0	OK to start,  nothing more. Game seemed decent,  but after around level 14 or so it decided I can't play without registering an account. Was decent for 30 min, that's it
0	Bring back old cp I will wreck your offices and show you memories of old cp I loved it so much next day I woke up and it was all changed and again bring it back I will be sending you in to the past Disney Love it never gonna stop playing
0	rubbish i wasted a dollar on this rubbishware as i didn't check it out within 15 minutes of installing it. now that i see what trash this is, i sure wish that i had done so  i'd sure as heck get my refund lol
0	Don't install it Very bad game don't install it
0	             
0	Data theft Check permissions before downloading. Why does it need to know what calls i make
0	No What is the the point of paying 2 pound when you can get real mine craft please let me save my work then I'll give you 5 stars
0	Was fun Seems like after update you win 1 out of 100 spins.... which isn't enough money.... and I refuse to pay real money for fake money.... still nice concept though
0	Fruit nothing I click on the game, it opens, I chose the game, and nothing. It opens but I can't move a thing. I tried sliding the fruit, clicking it and then clicking where it needs to go and it will not move. Is there a secret to it 
0	Unbearably laggy Inexcusable performance, lag makes entire game unplayable. Nvidia Shield tablet
0	Doesn't work Stock lollipop nexus 7 2013. Will not open at all, needs an update.
0	Adds galore Whatta shame. Looks like a good app. Shame that the pop ups wlways interrupt.
0	Hate it It was not unlocked next level and it was boring game
0	App going downhill Every call I make spawns multiple recordings on this app now. Sometimes it record sometimes it doesn't but a 30 minute phone call will have multiple Recordings most with nothing in them sucks now
0	Hybrid app and looks like it. Webview flickers. The touch isn't natural. Could do much much better.
0	Inaccurate 80 I know its not easy to predict the weather, but it changes every other min, and seems like yalls guess is as a good as mine.
0	It was so good before. I uninstalled before. Now that i reinstalled it I can't restore my purchase and there are no keyboard sounds when I tap the screen during songs. The game just turned dull and uninteresting now. Please fix these issues.
0	WHAT THE FK..... it's a very good and interesting game but.....only 6 free levels and then you have to pay rs 249 to play rest 19 levels.
0	Won't work Sound but no picture, realised too late for a refund
0	Love this game, but I recently got a new phone and even though I'm signed in it won't take me to the levels I was at before. Wtf
0	Suck we u play single player
0	Can't find city in Florida Uninstalled
0	Not good Nim buzz some times crashed and it don't work.my mean is most if the time
0	71715 Update. This game is wonderful. But the recent update has caused some problems. I can't log in. And it keeps saying that I need to try again when my network connection is stable. Please fix this problem as soon as possible.
0	The graphics stink like turds yeah poop rules
0	The balls touching each other Hate it
0	Can't receive calls I can make calls.  I CANNOT receive calls.  Also, the number that is programmed on the app is a Malaysia phone number.  When I make a call, it's a Florida number.  Why, why does it have to be so difficult
0	Huge file, quick game The file size is way too large for a game so quick and simple. It its fun enough, but playing to 1M if practically pointless and 2M shouldn't be the most. Add 3 to 5 for at least another star.
0	It crashes all the time
0	No love it This game sucks
0	Bug Keeped flickering to a blank gray screen an will no longer mark either  x  or o . Froze
0	Crashes upon opening Please help Game looks so fun and i purchased it, but every time i try to open it, the game immediately crashes
0	Critical error License check error every time I paid for this, please fix
0	There's no controls plus they do what they want do not download or spend money on this 
0	New Version Is Useless Limited Function Bring back the old one
0	Love the game BUT..... Love the always will but theirs no obvious way to mute sounds I like to listen to alot of podcast while I play this is impossible as far as I can see currently
0	Payment failed You should consider linking to Google Wallet
0	Don't get it It is the worst game that I have played it doesn't even let u play it properly. Like u start then it just gets u through the games level plus it has so much adds so u can't even see half of the letters so do NOT get it.seriously.
0	Waste of time Its totally a waste of time game I don't know y u make such a games and waste your time too guys pls don't waste your time in this type of games
0	So many apps Like your all apps but all separate apps use too much space and cpu,please bundle these all cm family apps in one single app only
0	Doesn't work on my note 4
0	Love the app but Loved the demo, completely sold me on an incredibly glitchy 1.50. Kinda disappointed.
0	cant upload it 
0	Doesn't work Can't transfer data at all
0	Nothing shows, says no internet connection Usinga a high speed network but app shows everywhere that i dont have net connection or wifi...
0	Not for children younger than 4
0	After update my daily challenge don't update , just shows problems to connect to internet. Annoying. Says I got 20 corns for playing, buts adds 0
0	  .. The worst Shredder version for android..ChessGenius is 100 times BETTER.    2011..   ..     ,     .    .
0	Ful
0	Hated it
0	Fails on the most basic task ... which is to display comics, because the screen keeps turning off while reading. Which makes the app mostly unusable unless you enjoy manually activating the screen every few seconds.
0	Bugfull Lot of bug exist in the game..also screen size is not aligned. Please update bug free virson...
0	I love it It it is so cool that I got 5698 as my score is that cool I think it is so get this game because it is so cool   who whoever don't get this game they are lame and if u play this game you arr so cool right in my opinion
0	Won't download
0	Where is Everest Bought this for my daughter as she loves Everest, it says it is there but where Happy to change review when that part of the app is there
0	Accelerometer problems Funish game with great graphics, but the accelerometer will flip mid game for no reason. Entirely frustrating and disappointing. Ruins the experience.
0	Try Too many adds. Stuck on level, 100 boring
0	Losing when I'm winning... Make no sense how in tournaments when I'm leading I end up losing and lose ALL of my tokens. I play my cars right, I get rid of All the big cards and still lose Yeah this game is RIGGED
0	Can't play on my Samsung galaxy pro tab 3 Freezes at 20 and won't load
0	Very nice Mujhe math bor lagata Han lekin yah APS achha hain
0	QR code scanner Will not work would not even let me scan the QR codesI tried to scan a  Pokmon QR code but it still would not work
0	Sonic runs way too fast. I can't explore the upper parts of the level cause sonic is running so fast, I have no time to figure out a way up there. The game is a big blur
0	Good game but ... I wish you could make it so you can play online with other people for coins  and to have guidelines
0	Ad packed annoyance 1 long as before apple actually opens.  2 ads per level... Annoying. Uninstalled.
0	love it when it works The last couple months the server has been playing up a lot and there has been constant disconnections from games.  Extremely frustrating when u can't connect back to the same game. Fix connection crashes.
0	 My god, this game wont download it says insufficient space on external storage. Does the same for other Gameloft games.
0	Crash crash crash Crashes more than an icey freeway in a fog Thumbs down
0	7192015 update still crashed IT STILL won't even open please fix I am on android 5.0 on a galaxy S5 it was so great but now it just keeps crashing
0	Wish more stuff do on here
0	No work Tootely west mb
0	Waste of space 4 freaking mb on my phone taken by this app no one download it itz terrible
0	Disappointing Monotonous and dry. Strategy often takes back seat to simple luck..
0	What's with your seating configuration It's not loading. Big inconvenience App sucks
0	The worst game I hated  they don't  even have good cars plus every single time I play it a car bumps into me . so you better  not install it
0	Stupid and disappointing Awful awful story. The actual puzzle solving is good but the end is just so disappointing, as I I can't believe that's it with many expletives thrown in.  Should have saved my money. Good app if it was free.
0	Nope Doesn't work on my tv and the app pops up with ads that you have to click just to get them off the screen. Not worth your time
0	Spider solitaire Cards are too hard to move
0	I need a refund I wasted all of my Google play money for an app I can't even install bs
0	Sucks Lock me out of my phone is due stupid , oh wait  just said  error enabling LOCK OUT now can't get in it also shocks me when I try to unlock it ...OUCH 
0	THE UPDATE It CAN'T LOAD ANY PICTURES DUE TO THE UPDATE  HOW PLEASE AT LEAST ATEMPT TO FIX YOUR ISSUES IN THE UPDATE, HORRID UPDATE DEVELOPERS, HORRID
0	Uhh... How 2 open it  It isnt playing........
0	I will go to 5 stars if you can answer this I had 5 millon 20 coins as saving to get gold ninja, but the next day, TODAY I CHECKED AMD ONLY HAD 2 MILLION WTF
0	Its okay nothing worth talking about Will see if it gets better, graphics suck, pointer sticks a times
0	Crashing simulator Okie.... I need help. Its selling my equipped items And crashes  Crashes every time... Please fix I believe in you guys If I can't sell my items makes me not want to play it even if its the best game on market...
0	Stuck Stuck on level 10 who is that
0	Ads, ads.... No go
0	Avinstallerer seg selv Programmet avinstallerer seg selv hele tiden.
0	Not good The game sucked
0	It keeps foreclosing after every phase. I didn't pay my money just for it to foreclose every phase. Five,stars,when fixed
0	Does not work on Nexus 6
0	Not working I press on the game icon and it doesn't want to work it keeps on going back to my home screen hope I don't lose my pets and house's
0	
0	Read What is the use of without address or mobile number
0	Used to be great now dosen't work Was a big fan of br but the app has stopped opening. Everytime it says no internet. And when it does work1out of 10 times the comments wont load. Please fix this br.
0	Not working when downloaded My sister plays this game not me. I just came from downloading it now and it says singstar mic has stopped.                                    It makes her ANGRY
0	Falltu Holy waste of time
0	Sucks
0	cheap n best
0	The  time  is  very  less  and  pronunciation  is  bad
0	Very poor. Not good on Oppo N3 5.5 screen, glitches a lot. Graphics are poor.
0	Doesn't open Throws a marmalade error for opengllt and hangs on the Sims beginning screen. Wish I could get a refund.
0	Too unreliable Wasn't too bad to start with, but I've had enough of the tiles jumping around and leaving me having a forfeit when the timer runs out. Uninstalling it
0	Rip off Credit info is missing and outdated. My report didn't have account payment history for the last 4 months... how does that help Plus my contact details and employment history are 5 years out of date I want my money back
0	Almost perfect. I can't seem to find an option for left handed players. Bummer.
0	Not opening It doesn't work at all.all it does is open then closes
0	Won't load It was fine before the latest update but now won't load at all. I would really hate to delete the app because it was working so perfectly before.
0	Bad connection Free call to US yes free but most of it go to Voice mail .everyday tried to call but no luck always recording voice mail .The bad signal lost  connection  when in BTW  the call  .Frustrating everytime  call .
0	the latest update causes the phone to crash when dropping hats fix these issues please
0	Can't login Useless app, can't login even after resetting my password.
0	Favorite Love this free cell All others I tried have a clumsy interface. They also make it too hard to win. So glad I found this one.
0	Sweet girl Why do we need to pay money for the stores
0	Could be much better Not very much going on, games take too long and gets boring quickly.  Needs more strategy, troop types etc. Tutorial is rubbish.
0	Very poor indeed Downloaded this app thinking, great However there were three of us skiing the exact same runs and somehow managed completely different results even though we were almost copying each other on the runs. Unreliable and waste of money.
0	Wtf update D pad is wayyyyy too big why change it, square Enix has no idea what they're customers want
0	Randomly starts in the background Since the last update, I will hear random audio playing even when my device is in standby.  Came to find out when twitch is open in the background it will randomly start.  Scared me at first.
0	Nice concept but touchscreen fail on Galaxy note 2014 10.1 I liked the concept but this doesn't work properly the UI prevents me processing past the tutorial first steps due to buggy touchscreen on my galaxy note 10.1 2014 edition. Refunding.
0	Good app if your area is listed Seen a lot of cities on the list... which is cool, but I have issue with not being able to request areas andor be able to imput the codes yourself. I my own worse enemy by not checking things out before purchasing.
0	Its getting BORING Fifa 15 on Android has became something i cant even talk about ,whiles our companions in IOS get to play online and all those stuffs, we get an update to change balls in Simulation mode
0	DOWNLOAD GOLF FRONTIER ITS BETTER Developer BURIED my comment because his app is CRAP DOWNLOAD GOLF FRONTIER IT WORKS FLAWLESSLY FOR FREE This app doesnt have courses updated and gives wrong distance info. Galaxy Note 3
0	Horibble The free app is much better
0	App doesn't work Downloaded on Sony Xperia z1 compact. No functions worked at all.
0	Boring It's just for time pass
0	Only first mission is completing after that it stuck's in single window Only first mission is completing after that it stuck's in single window
0	Still doesn't work 4 updates now. Can we at least get a status update We have no idea if it's even being looked at
0	Meh. Ok spill, horribelt stygt UI.
0	There are no free hints..  Suggestion  the jackpot should pop up automatically for the hints coz i cannot find it to roll ...
0	Really slow feed update Devs, could you please answer why updating feed is such a slow process It takes around 1 minute and it's just no good. Running kitkat with ART.
0	rude this is wrong becuas show ing the pics with the jokes is bad A LOT OF PEOPLE COULD TAKE IT RONG AND FEEL BAD ABOUT THEMSELVES
0	Nothing New May as well delete them no new updates since it was made
0	This app is bull The only thing free about this app is the download.  You need to pay just to see who want to meet you.  Just be straight forward and charge in the beginning.  LIES ALL LIES
0	Bonus and scatters are very rare Uses all you credits at a fast rate with no bonus or scatter.
0	Hate it worst game ever it crashes if I get 1 wrong
0	Little rewards. It drags on...
0	Bad app Downloaded but pop up comes up and won't go off so I can't see the screen to play
0	I hate this game . You have to pay for the horse cleaning thing , and everything else . Don't get this game , but if you want to pay for it then do it .
0	Please fix or refund Nexus 6 won't launch
0	Worked fine up until the update The update messed up my game. I try to run it, but just went to a black screen. Nothing.shame on you rockstar....SHAME
0	Bummer Thank goodness for the refund button.  I do appreciate that feature
0	Controls The controls are way too hard
0	What the heck If I wanted an app that had a black screen when I opened it I would have turned off my phone. And that would have been free.
0	Don't install Very bad bad game.  Please remove from play store this game
0	it doesn't work at all don't use this app this is stupid and it never ever worked on my phone so yeah it doesn't work.
0	Glitchy Not what I expected at all I normally like cartoon network that's why I downloaded it but wasn't good at all
0	Requires internet signal. Will not work by GPS alone.
0	Unrealistic cops always right on you and only you. Cars appear right in front of you and they handle horribly. I want all my money back. Ea is not willing to do anything about it. I have been an Ea customer since need for speed II in 1997.
0	It's not letting  everyone verify root
0	This game is not all that Its hard who ever is reading this I'm telling you don't play it
0	Slow glitches Its too slow im definitely in installing
0	I don't like
0	Kamal When I try to open 8 months option I found it completely dark.
0	Jungle marble The game has a problem that needs fixing. Marble not lining up as they should also coming from the wrong end.
0	Cute, fun game but problematic pay design Even if you have infinite honey, you can only earn a few coins per day and you really need those powerful bears to be awake for Chapter 3.
0	All black As others have commented all black screen after logo. Unable to play at all. Real shame as all the other apps my daughter loves.
0	Started of good Can't go into town map anymore it gives me a black screen and stays there I paid money for app fix it now Or refund me Thanks I'll give 5 stars when fixed zte majesty 4.1.3 android
0	Used to be great I  downloaded this app for my granddaughter. Worked great on my old phone. Now all it does is immediately crash
0	Okay It was fun at first, and everything was going nicely until in the animal kingdom it would not let me choose the word clam,
0	Stupid I cant get in the game when I try to play the screen just stays black
0	Sucks Game is designed to deal out wins and losses. Determined to achieve a percentage of wins or loses. No random deals.
0	great more historical years but when I would try to play my favorite dynasty it would load and the game would crash so I couldn't play it
0	No... just..... no
0	Do not download this...ever It's literally unplayable
0	Ads and only hindi Annoyed by ads and most of the questions are Hindi.
0	My and i love this game because my son can learn how to do house list
0	Season mode Every update the season heads don't change it stays with this beach ball its so annoying.
0	Won't work
0	I use to love it Was great but now won't open for me. And keeps crashing
0	Glichy The game is so glichy when I mine it doesn't mine the block and I'm glitching in the ground
0	i can't see my favorite forecast sets Guys, thanks for the app. A comment i have is why don't you give the option to see our custom forecast sets I can't imagine why you didn't do it and if you've done then its not obvious to find it
0	N
0	Meh... Could of been better for a dub step app I went through all the sets and there are no drops... Not a single one, its pretty disapointing
0	Keeps Rejecting my Ads I've tried posting various ads but it gets rejected, saying that it's not allowed.
0	I know for a fact that I have a virus. But this app says that I'm good. B.S It looks to only scan apps
0	Gotten Boring With no addtional objectives added in such a long time there is nothing left to play for. With 10 million plus coins and over 3000 gems, what's they're left to try for.
0	I loved it,,installed played all day got to level 52 went to bed got up tapped app and its still loading been loading for 45 minutes guess I'll uninstall and move on and that sucks cool game
0	An ad Yep their end is ruined by an advertisement built into the plot. Don't waste your time.
0	Doesnt work, again Won't run compass or speed on my droid turbo
0	Ads The ads. You dont need ads where your going to have the answer this is redundant. I would have given it a 5 star
0	Automatically screen rotates... After opening app the screen rotates automatically... Please fix it.
0	I hate it... U jst need to tap d phone when two circles met. Nothng more than it...
0	Can't win know matted what. I'm  not crazy enough to buy fake money just so I can lose it.
0	Too many connection problems... I haven't been able to connect to play online once since buying. Single player works fine and I love how it plays, but the AI is too easy. Please fix your multiplayer
0	Black screen I can see the letters names etc. But the screen is all black. Please fix this
0	Play with friends not working My friend tried to join my game and it said I had a game ready so she clicked it and waited for the game to start but it said there was a server error after about a minute... Plz fix and I'll rate 5 stars
0	Great game Unenjoyable though Really awesome realistic mechanics instead of classic button mashing which I'm better at..probably Great stuff but difficult unless you pay for everything in the game.
0	Shutdowns Good game, but a long wait to boot was always an issue. And now, after an update today, it just refuses to start. Gave up without playing a ball after half a dozen restarts in 15 minutes. Get it back on its feet Nautilus
0	Look, you need to fix the glitches and if you do, I will give you five stars
0	STILL NO FIX.... Drop another starr. Last update for tablet have connection issue. 610 played game got disconected which only 50 rate of getting reconected. Fix please. I am a royal paying customer.
0	They lied There is no multiplayer Isn't this false advertisement
0	Abandoned... Was good app at one time, but has been abandoned by the dev. Hasn't been updated in 2 years... Waste of time and money now.
0	omg i thought it was a great game  i unistalled it   i erased like everything on my phone to download it i couldn't get anything...  i hated it there is of course better thanks
0	Great but.... Its great but it keeps turning off a shuting down my tablet. I payed 2.99 and I want to play it Please fix or tell me how to fix it
0	STUPID I agree with Emily Peterson it's completely fake and a waist of time IT'S A RIPOFF
0	Totally west of time and MB
0	Frequently crashes I don't know what happened in your recent updates but the game freezes CONSTANTLY now. I never had this problem before. I hope this can be fixed soon because you lose EVERYTHING when it happens.
0	Don't download this it is because this app dosn't actually like real piano... Some people say that this is good ,but that's not good.
0	It's to zoomed in I can't play some of the game not really good enough
0	Best game This game is the best game ever .It is awesome and wonderful
0	this game is so boring and no more level are unlock only 3 games are unlock please don't play this game... SOOO BOROING
0	Bugs Nothing appears when I open the app
0	Rip Off Crashes all the time. Please refund my money.
0	Worst game for rs 125. I want my money back. Please don't download this game.
0	Don't waste your money It dosent work I want my money back it restarts my phone every time I open it wish 0 stars was a choice
0	Terrible I thought this was a game not the stupid and ugly Lottie Dottie video and those easiest puzzles ever or the stupid colouring pages even a 1year old kid won't like thisthis is the worst app everrrrr
0	 Paid for it and it won't let me install, keeps saying insufficient memory which is not the case. My 3 year old is very disappointed
0	Sucks It won't let me register.
0	Just like Vegas..... Just like Vegas except you NEVER lose....its not a game of chance and gets boring  after awhile I have gone from 250.00 to 44000.00 in less then 2 hrs.
0	Expensive Other apps does the same and more for free.
0	Wont work on my phone Keeps coming up with s error my son very dissapointed
0	Room number does not exist I already paid the VIP but when I tried different room numbers given in the websites, it keeps telling me that the room number does not exist. Waste of money
0	Love it but hate the AI Would have easily gave it 5 stars but for crys sake fix the AI on this app. It's horrible.  It provides the dominoe that is convenient for the opponent during crucial parts of the game. Very annoying
0	More effort required Good content but terrible presentation. Really no update visually including the widget for past few months to years almost. There are so many visually stunning weather apps out there.  Please at least have a look at yahoo one.
0	Hate it You can only choose o not x and it shows Android won this game. I quickly uninstalled it.
0	silly and bakwaas app in hole world FRIEND PLS DONOT DOWNLOAD
0	Dume It is a dume game because I would get it to load but as soon as it is done loading it closes
0	They stopped giving bonuses. They still won't add levels with fb no extra cards About done with the game. They ruined it
0	Not working since last update.
0	Looks nice but gets dull It's fun for a few levels but after you realize it really is  nothing more than a variation on Go or Checkers, and your choices are just limited to moving in one direction, one space at a time.
0	Does it only go up to level 8 or something Because it keeps flashing the level 8, but I completed that level and won't let me go any further. Fix.
0	Fake game Don't play it fake. 4 cards no win Lol
0	No Good. Keeps lagging, freezing, and etc. Can't continue through game. Is faulty now.
0	Wont open I bought it went to click it and it just took me back to my menu. no error messages at all. please fix I really want to play. I have a Samsung galaxy s3. seriously please fix
0	Awesome I only read the application i don't have any experience to play this.. well actually while im installing this games  i commenting.. but in think this games is good can help everyone to stock knowledge  . Well good luck to me 
0	Sucks No one should play it I played the game should be at least a little more realistic
0	Keeps taking MONEY out of my account for coins, and I'm not receiving them Multiple complaints NO REFUND
0	Nothing happens When i press any engine it just appears white screen and saying loading and going exit wout clicking anything. So it means i just waste my disk space. My first time i download
0	No rider info, or favorites grouping to follow easier. Check cycling news tour tracker  the best, how it should be done.
0	Wtf I can get the game to go into a video game after I click on a little Care Bears house like 25 thousand times and then after all of that you played the same little game over and over and over needs more in adventure uninstalled
0	Great while it worked. Worked for thirty minutes then didn't work again.
0	 disappointed I thought that rhisw game will be better but it takes very boring. But to make it better you should make some mqin Aim to motivate people to play it. If you will than it can be very gooe game. 
0	Cleopatra Keno I like playing Cleopatra, but this game rarely ever hits,  if you want a better review, let us win once in while I give it 1 star till you make game more enjoyable
0	Game needs sorting out I downloaded it it worked for a for a couple of days then stopped working either they sort the problem or they give everyone who's had problem with it a refund
0	Ihate it Does not work
0	Not good The buy function does not work
0	Could not change view I downloaded several of the views but only one worked
0	Don't download Cannot mention location
0	Does not load. Disappointed. It will not get past the loading screen. Samsung galaxy s3 please fix I realy want to play with this app.
0	DOC MCSTUFFINS I paid and installed it, i click on the game to put it on for my little one and the game never comes up. After like 3 seconds it goes back to mobile screen
0	Useless app. I just joined the Mnet app doesn't work chorus .
0	Chat doesn't work properly, no proper notification s
0	Not very impressed I'm not sure I like it, is not that fun and lack in option and or functionality
0	Gems We need something to spend the gems on
0	Does not work on Note 4 I am VERY UPSET that I have purchased an app that I can't use on my new phone. This needs to be fixed 
0	Went through, had a house, well I had everything. It  cut out on me. It wouldn't reload. Reinstalled it, didn't even get a house built and it cut off again and won't load.
0	It's all in hindi, I don't like pls don't download this apps
0	No automatic night mode
0	Bad
0	Connect to Google Drive Failed Getting Connect to Google Drive failed. What's the point of back up if I can't back up to the cloud
0	Triple sevens Casino
0	As soon as I installed it, with in a minute it stopped working. Every 10 seconds after it loads it brings up the message that it has unfortunately stopped. So yeah. Stupid
0	Cant see strategy table as you play only after you deal You could a lot quicker if you could see the table before the deal instead og guessing
0	Need to change  I got sick because this game a few years never change the sounds or roads there's a lot ideas like jungle or in the city jump over cars need real change a new song  new sounds effects not just colors or characters .. Ty
0	Still so so Poor bus schedule and location prevents me from giving this app a  rate work on it
0	Why why why When I go into arcade or free play mode it won't let me have my stranger character im unhappy plz fix or I demand a refund
0	Not happy, useless The first time I tried to use it, it was corrupt and the app did not appear fully loaded. Very disappointed. It is completely unusable.
0	Fix this now I ran the game and started a new character. When I tried to craft it wouldn't let me use it. Basicly is wouldn't knowledge me pressing on the left top corner held sideways
0	If only it worked most of the time If and only if it loads the mangas is it a great app but for the other 90 of the time it's a nightmare to use.. The pages of the mangas just won't load at all.
0	What a waste This app went from good to bad to ugly don't like it it sucks when after the call you discover that you didn't just loos the call but you also lost your money spent on this piece of dooo daah
0	Not good Doesnt look like the picture that is shown
0	Lame
0	Two of Clubs Why is it dealing me the 2 of clubs more often than the odds would suggest
0	Unplayable It won't let me ride my dragon,  and every time I try the character just slides along the floor, which the results in the game having to be restarted. I spent so much money on the game, fix it.
0	Loved it then hate it I had this game but my deice broke. So I got this game on my new tablet and when I was playing,it froze and my buildings,NBA arena, house ,school and church dissapeered . Get my world back and I will rate 5
0	Can't rate well if I can't play Closes immediately after I downloaded
0	Eats up points. Gives good payouts you start to win big.but it seems when you compete in the jackpots you start to loseif you turn down the promts to buy creditsbut its still fun to play but its obviously fixed just like in real casinos
0	Don't pay You pay to upgrade but get nothing after paying
0	Unable to calculate fare estimates I selected the city Kolkata and tried to calculate the estimate fare but it showed nothing every time as it failed to do the task. Please fix this otherwise this app is of no use .
0	It is good
0	Won't update Has issues with updating current metars and tafs. Continually gives old weather.
0	It's use less app it doesn't work's man.
0	Bad apps It did not help to remove my apps to SDcard its a waste of money to invest
0	Lame
0	Having issues..this is not working on my phone.. Please help
0	Can't sign up Tried signing up with various emails and it keeps giving me invalid email. Tried many times with my two different emails to no avail. Sorely disappointed in this app. I'll stick to youtube.
0	No Material design. Lacks polished user interface. Could take a few GUI design notes from the Reddit News app.
0	Dislike  It was so so so borning no instrest I'm about delete it not worth playing litery the most boring game sorry. 15 
0	I am connected to FB, and some of my friends show up as neighbors, but when I try to add my fianc who also plays the game it won't add her as a neighbor. I've sent tons of requests, and so has she but still nothing She is connected to FB as well...
0	Worst game ever Not worth to wait even while downloading
0	Keeps crashing Every time i join a mock draft it says the app has stopped working. Plz fix it 
0	 This is not that good. It just does the same as the normal. Im lucky to get likes
0	The video ADs are very annoying
0	Won't load I loved this game but recently it closes before it even loads. Please fix
0	Too bad The game is kind of broken you have to lay for everything  fun thing Throwing water in toms face
0	Really bad app. Especially the buss tracker. It says there's a bus a mile away on a quiet road and you wait 30 minutes.
0	Not a bad game but unable to connect to a server makes it very difficult to find a reason to keep it installed on my phone. Will keep it for 24 hrs. if problems aren't fix will uninstall it
0	Here I go again How in the hell you don't win anything even on free spins. That's bad. Now I remember why I stopped playing this You bet 5000.00 and if you do win it's only 5.00. There is no fun in that Have good games but not fair.
0	Hidden Object It wasn't that exciting. Got  bored  with it real guick.
0	asome I hate the dog because they ate my bunny and bird
0	I used to like it All of a sudden the fking game starts to freeze wen I reach to the opposite side...even wen I be running or tackling... Kmft cho
0	Paid 2 unlock full version,  where's my game Don't buy games very often but not happy I haven't received what I paid 4
0	Garbage Really, I feel robbed.
0	Not syncing correctly Still finding playlist or songs still on device after deselecting on desktop program.
0	Crashes crashes crashes Its fun when it works. Good luck getting it to work.
0	Lost all my photos I locked my photos with this app and after few days I opened the app to see them but I didn't find any thing....this is shit I can't find my photos. And I'm wating from you developers to answer me
0	Dont install This app used 100 mb of my data for no reason. I used it once all the month and it consume 100 mb of my back ground data... this app is transfer all ur contents... fk
0	Not really free Super restricted, only allows access to one item fruit pop, and even then most ingredients require purchase. Not worth wasting your time on.
0	I like it Samsung galaxy grand  2
0	Grrr really hate it I cant open it ,when i open this apps ,its just turn into whole whole white screen then shut ,its never launch  Its eat a lot of space on my phone,please dont make it too large space apps,
0	Sucks
0	Notification spam Critical message Buy our premium version. Uninstalled. I can live with the enormous amount of buy premium ads in the app itself, but don't spam my notification bar.
0	Making fun of abcd2 This game just stinkssss dont waste u r time on this game worst game everrrrrrrr boring...............
0	What a useless app Background music wont let my son or me hear a thing, if i could give 0 stars or 5 i would
0	Hate It never opens
0	No Atlanta How does this app not cover the largest city in the south east
0	Wtf Rubbish
0	PROBLEM FIX IT NOW I HATE THIS THING JUST FIX THIS THING RIGHT NOW Bella.. After we put the color of the cone and turned and it says the appgame stopped fix it bianca
0	Stupid It keeps saying i dont have enough coins when i have enough
0	Don't work on my Samsung tablet 4 come on Do not work out  my samung tablet 4 I could rated 5 stars share it on my Dropbox please fix it please thx
0	Ruined the game by lowering the rent so you will never make enough to progress without buying more cash. Ruined a good game. Don't waist your time,  and DON'T PAY FOR PREMIUM
0	Sad face Dudes sima is all about raising your sims having a family like in real life and having a job. All the other sims 3s have families why can't this one
0	Jumping I'm doing fine. Then I get that blue swirly thing right before a jump and I can't jump with the blue swirly thing. The game sucks.
0	Crash Cannot do anything game keeps crashing outlet, guild, angel ect.
0	Very bad game Tati khage muter piaga
0	Just don't understand how to work it,gone thru it ova n ova n i just can't grasp it,   sorry
0	Massive let down I've been playing for a few months and now it keeps saying there's an error and to restart it. It's not letting me race or anything. How can we fix this Will write a 5 star review if fixed.
0	Don't download The light in the picture is not real when you finally unlock the light it took me a week all it is is a strobe light which you can get in an app instantly
0	Poor Because u have to buy so many puzzles... not enough unlocked
0	Hit lucky wheel twice  all 3 reels hit diamonds all 3. Your adds caused phone to crash. Had to restart. Never got any of the credit. So zero stars
0	Frustrated Absurdly long loading screen times or a fault with the game itself Either way, I never actually got to play the game itself as 8min becomes tedious. Shame, as this was a favourite of mine years ago.
0	Worst I hide some pics in photo vault ,and when i uninstalled it, all my photos were gone
0	Buggy I can look past some of the glitches, poor graphical choices, and lag. But it became totally unplayable when the character just decided to stop jumping and ducking altogether. Worthless.
0	Bakwas h ek dam... Don't download. ...nothing is there for kids
0	Couldn't even create a user profile so that I can use the app this app sucks I'm going to uninstall
0	Doesn't work
0	Don't work I hate it you have to craft your tools in creative change in and I'll rate five and if dont I'll delete the game and get mine craft
0	Don't download boss Save u r data and time
0	What piece of shit Yet another piece of shit after Hard Time, if you don't desire to make games just stop and be poor. The AI is bad, i got suspended for a week for getting hit and breaking a chair. Still, piece of crap, just stop making games MDick
0	Totally useless app.....
0	This app hangs phone There is no exit option why It hangs phone too but great game I deleted mine and my phone is free once again. i am not taking the risk of downloading this phone crashing game again. Thanks you guys tried
0	Calling all agents, mission 3 level 3 just comes up a black screen and keeps locking my phone. Please fix and will rate higher. I love these games until now
0	Stupid In order to get them to do anything productive, or anything for their health and energy I have to constantly watch them. Also they complain about money all of the time and currency is hard to obtain.
0	Crashes tablet Tried installing multiple times e with the same result.  Freezes up and sometimes crashes Galaxy Tab 3.    to dev I no longer have it installed and don't want to reinstall it.  But showing you care deserves at least another star...
0	Cool but... Its a cool app, but I can't make this as default in my security settings.. help please.. sorry for bad english
0	Invalid phone ID After sending few messages. It not sending the messages and error message appearing like INVALID PHONE ID.
0	Problem I paid 2.69 for this game, but it never work...
0	Cool It was cool but wasn't what I expected, I should know because, well because it was me
0	Waste of money Lose one round and you're out, not like the show.
0	All it does is fast forward your video gt
0	So slow
0	Unable to play with real chips Though there is real chips in the account unable to play.. It's going to play for fun.. No option to change.
0	Not working Purchased the upgrade to have live results and it is not working. Comes with an error and shows nothing.
0	Needs update Streaming does NOT work, even over WiFi.
0	Won't even open Loading Loading Loading.. great game... NOT
0	Wtf Always thinking and thinking... I am unable to play multiplayer game ...other player they just keep on thinking... Kick out them after 15 seconds... Fix it plz...then ill rate it 5
0	Watch your money. Great game but designed to rob you blind. Not possible to progress to the higher levels without spending money  lots of money.
0	Objective sucks....
0	Sooo boring This game is sooooo boring..there's not even a final jeopardy Sucks that I paid for this thinking it would be a good game..don't waste your money
0	Ugh First it loaded then it said make sure that you have 1gb.so i sais yes.next i couldnt play it cuz it took so long to load.all hiw to train your dragon games i had a prob with.yet again uninstall.
0	Buggy It won't load my character when I'm walking around, it took my gold coins for a revive then instantly told me I was defeated again. It took me forever to save up those gold coins.
0	I don't like it I don't like this game because it's building against me from the bottom while I'm trying to keep from adding any flours.
0	Make runs hard In difficulty hard we can score 30 runs per over. In real cricket its not possible so see that we get do not get runs easily.Autoplay is available for only 5 overs please increase it.
0	Stopped working after update. Don't go to android 5.0. This app no longer works. I was hoping there would be a fix but it's been quite some time and no luck. I Like the developer but this is a bit disappointing..
0	Nexus 9 Black field. Please fix
0	Risky DO NOT DOWNLOAD   The robot if thats what it really is asked for my full name, address, phone number and other personal details, do not download unless if you want to be chatted up by some perv
0	Probably would be good but it wants you to buy them with no obvious pricing so I deleted them both
0	It's OK Need more info.. you can log your score but it has no stats. Will give better rating when stats etc. becomes available.
0	Too difficult Game is too difficult, potions dont give enough hp ,controls too slow to respond,monsters do way too much damage
0	Login issue I love this game, but it's not letting me access it bc it's not accepting my login. Even though it works on the website  if it gets fixed I'll definitely 5 star but as I did spend money I feel a bit ripped off.
0	Paid for it but won't download would like the money refunded
0	It would be fun,but The menu and everything doesn't show up right on nexus 7 would rate better if fixed,even thoughi no it won't get fixed.edit note 4 dont work right either what a bummer sqrew activision mobile bunch of lazy scags.
0	I hate this game its models after makeup is looking like a monster and it too didn't have the dresses I am going to delete it
0	App crashes constantly. While busy doing picks the app closes and you have to start over again. This happens sometimes a few times in a row.
0	Stars look like squares When I'm using the app the stars look like squares but when I zoom in it shows its shape It shouldn't be like that. Please fix and also update the moons of planets that how they really look.
0	There should be more free levels I would have given 5 stars if there would have more free levels anyway fantastic game
0	Very bad
0	Won't start On latest android on nexus 5
0	Stupid They are copiers they just copied my talking tom and my talking Angela.
0	Boring No offence but who wants to sit and just tap on the screen for coins untill they run out But if you like to do so, go ahead
0	Great game, but what's up with the ads I paid for this so that I wouldn't have to see them
0	It's sucks
0	Want my money back My son loves the show but number 123 are not visible on the screen so he cant play
0	drum solo there wore Nno
0	It won't load properly on my android tablet, I can hear the music but the screen is blank My 3 year old is really disapointed .
0	Mpoints gone Mpoints have been gone since the last update. I'm not happy I'm missing so many points.
0	Super app but..... Even though I am using my WiFi network, my mobile balance is getting deducted. How the hell this could happen Apart from this, everything is super
0	Freezes Up. Don't Buy Wasted my money.  Widget freezes up, won't work. App works great.
0	Makes my phone less responsive  laggy First install and app looks ok but noticably slows my phone.  I have never had that problem with viber.  Also there is no way to disable the app when you want it offline.
0	why i love this game but i cant talk to anyone like where you click the speech buble
0	                      
0	My 2year likes it Nice app BUT the ads are so not on.is there a way to block these adspls help
0	Need help....... Not able to deactivate advanced protection as u described in description i want to uninstall applock but not able to do it
0	Can't even play It crashes and brings me to the home screen when I try to start it, and if I'm lucky enough for it not to it freezes. I can't even play it. I didn't pay 5 dollars to not be able to play this. Please fix.
0	Rubbish
0	Too slow This app is very slow when loading content. My child looses interest by the time things load. Uninstalling.
0	Fire game Redesign the game to take up less space...It keeps updating and is now almost over 1g of data..plz fix for 5 star rating
0	nope Idk if its my phone but not all keys work
0	Never download this please The worst app I have come across, the steering has no sensitivity and it never works. I was unable to move the vehicle even with a hour try. Please don't waste your data. I bet you can never drive this vehicle.
0	Playing for 3mins , and i have to uninstal this piano holyshit , no Ads pls
0	More Island's Please We need more islands also the app should be more like the website we should have more choices and be able to be online please.
0	Freecell Don't mind the ads on the page but can't tolerate the flashing... have to uninstall. Sorry.
0	Money hungry I enjoyed this game until I found out you have to buy additional puzzles. What a ripoff
0	STUPID It kept taking me off when I was playing do not get and I gave a galxy s5
0	How to do this On the add for it , it said you can take pictures with the painting that you made. But I don't know how,.
0	Can't Login Keeps saying no match. Pls fix
0	Hell with hackers they will be reseting the time machine why the team is not working on that
0	Crashes with new content. Will change rating once fixed. Refunds for people who paid for a game they cant play
0	Not that good The sounds are not good, and they do not match what the weapons would sound. And plus, the M14 is not fully automatic unless you physically modded the gun. Sorry
0	Deleted Profile Updated app and it deleted my profile. Not happy as you have had money from me for this game and I had spent a long time making lots of progress. Now its all lost, what are you going to do about it
0	Very bad
0	Wastage of data Not working in my phone
0	Niv missing verses. Why are you taking verses out of the bible This is stupid and if not fixed I will find another bible app. I have always used this one and have never had a problem but starts taking away scriptures and I have a problem. Fix this.
0	Mary johnston Could not control shooter
0	This is the worst that I has game.... Uma verdadeira merda.
0	Needs Work. Previous versions were better.. The app no longer plays music when I am offline. Plus the most frustrating part is that I have to log in everytime I reboot my phone. Fix these, until then, it's just 2 from me.
0	Sucks bad Old app made more sence new one does not work
0	 
0	Is this Bullshit The game kicked me out of the game
0	Waste of money Game wont let me click letters to solve puzzles biggest waste of money ever .maybe if they fixed the constant glitches it would be ok . I have a galaxy 5 and the game wont work
0	Money POT I THOUGHT IT WAS A GOOD GAME SO I BOUGHT IT AND THEN I SAW THAT MORE THAN 30 ROBOTS HAVE TO BE BOUGHT AND YOU ONLY GET 8 robots free and you have to pay to make your own robotMONEY POT
0	3 hours installation Still waiting, I went to the collections and bought 1 still waiting
0	It's stupid I can't live for a minute I tried too get a wolf friend but they only attack me. It's the stupidest game ever do not buy
0	The bad Don't download it because it is your time wasting
0	Can't win the first tournanment Cannot  capitalize with the house when you're broke because you need to play a tournanent to pass to the next game
0	Mast h bhaiyo
0	Some of you where rhigt like only two things theatre dome and I only have two games this took all of my space
0	I love played often until the update now the game is creepy to me with eyeballs for balls, gloomy dark alley, bloody balls and what not. Time to uninstall. Not my style
0	Spider Wont open half the time, the other half wont move cards ready to uninstall Going to give it 3 days if not better its,bye bye.
0	Fuckin shittest game ever do not buy waste of money
0	Downloaded because my kids love the show and it keeps force closing for a game that cost 6.99 i think it should work please fix this issue  and ill give it 5 stars but the fact that it is unplayable after paying 7 is rediculous
0	Xperia Z2 The game looks great but you cannot scroll into properties management. Something is not working properly. Refund
0	Issues with pictures The loading of images on this application causes that it randomly scrolls up or down so that you loose the last post that you were reading. Needs some serious fixing.
0	Improvement is needed
0	Doesn't work Google map is much better
0	no way to contact them You meet a girl here you truely like you have no way of contacting her except here and is far to expensive
0	Raid Tickets Have been playing for LVL 56 after that no more raid tickets. Cheating money to buy VIP to get more raid tickets. Even you have energy nothing to do. Not fair for regular player without buying VIP.
0	M.Lockett Not funny
0	Spam Too much spam a minimum of 20 per day . Mostly porn. I don't get any spam with Gmail. Forgot using Yahoo filters they don't work.
0	Does not even run Nexus 5, can not get past tutorial. Not happy, waste of money.
0	Ugh I love this app,but there is one problem.When im in the car i like to listen to it i used to be able to listen to a few but now i cant open it without wifi bc of the new update plz fix this or ill have to delete mine.
0	Wouldn't work Can't get tape out of music box..ballerina thing at the beginning.. What a waste of money
0	not to be mean but Its the worst football game i have seen controls are bad teams are fake please try to fix it
0	Airspace and frequencies out of date Disappointing that SA airspace and frequency changes made some years ago are not up to date.
0	Season Pass Problem Like a few other reviews here, I have bought a season pass that no longer gets recognized Please help me or fix this, thanks ahead of time.. Stars after fix.
0	its jist the  a bad and ugly game bad and ugly  game
0	Frequently crashes It's great when it works. It crashes upon requesting a response from the bot. It's unusable at the moment. I will update this review with 45 stars when they fix the app.
0	It was great buying the pro version. Now the pro version has pop ups asking if i want to watch a commercial to get bombs. If i buy a game i don't want pop ups. Jesus
0	DO NOT play this game. It will screw you over on almost every way. Don't waste your money, don't play this game
0	Stopped Suddenly it stopped working
0	Wish I could play this... Game continues to crash in my Note 4... Is this yet another game not optimized for the Snapdragon 805  What a waste of resources in this game. Now I can't play it... Please fix this
0	Respect material design App poorly designed
0	Not work Fix it
0	Why Every time I open it it kicks me out
0	Tablet app Not so good, no help, no exit from settings, better on my phone.
0	Glitch galore What All of a sudden the animals all turn black, and its so loud I can't think Fix this please
0	Great app but it has a major problem Although I purchased CarHome Ultra, the program keeps telling me that the Trial period has ended.  I didn't purchase a trial. Until this is fixed, I am uninstalling this thing. Galaxy Tab 2 10.1
0	Crock Won six mini games to unlock tool to be told each time I chose the wrong chest. I can find better ways to waste my time.
0	Worst online rummy game ever dont waste your time on this. It doesn't recognise most of the cards clubbed and gives wrong show error. It sucks.. fix it......
0	Plzzz help me I lost my pics in app lock I need it back fr dat wt shud I do .. while restarting my phone I forgot to unhide d pics like dat only I restarted plz do help me .. I need those pics .. 
0	Devs do not respond Bought in game money and a week later still have not received. Mailed devs and not even an automated response. Will uninstall and change to 1 star if not resolved immediately.
0	i m shweta dave daughter and i hate this game i have just  give 1star becz i luv nail salon this game never opens i hate nail salon 2
0	still crashing I want a refund Can't even play it crashes instantly..... galaxy s5
0	Facebook..... NOT This games is a lot of fun but it will not connect me to my facebook friends. I wrote to them about it They wrote back and said that it was fixed but it has not been fixed. I even bought the ad free one. Really irritating
0	PLEASE FIX Tired to load the game, was told to come back in 2 hours due to maintenance and its been over 24 hours. Please fix the issue and i know im not the only one. Very poor
0	This is the dumbest app i ever purchased..never even worked at all.
0	Poor problem resolution Have sent several emails to the company to resolve a simple issue, they haven't responded yet.
0	Keeps forced closing When I type certain sentences, it keeps closing. Hated it
0	Regular freeze and crash This app regularly freezes and crashes on my phone. This problem only started with the newer releases of the app. I currently have a Samsung Galaxy S5 with Android 5.0
0	Love the game. But I came one day and my whole team was deleted. So I'm not happy when I was doing pretty good now I have to start all over not happy at all
0	Too many ads Its a free app. I get that you aren't doing this for your health, but an ad after every game is ridiculous Uninstalling
0	To much loading
0	Errors In the middle playing it keeps asking for me to send error reports and then I lose my progress
0	Don't waste ur time Labeled incorrectly, offkey, and missing many sounds. How can C4 labeled G4 be the same sound as A3 labeled E4
0	Bakvas hai its fake game
0	Just get errors
0	Getting on freaking nerves It does not turn when I want it just keeps jumping  when. When fixed I will Rte 5 stars
0	What Happen Why my Victor Martinez, Jos Bautista gold, Jacoby Elsbury platinum now have numbers of trash. Amazing update F player's performance
0	One question I understand that it has access to my camera and all the ads but Why does it have to record my phone call Please explain
0	Love it but theres a stupid glitch i cant get past When i throw the rock at the buttons that it tells me too hit it dosent do anything so im stuck
0	A baton is not an instrument dumbass. Even if it was, it would be percussion as a percussion instrument is one that is struck. It can be used to hit a stand to help keep time.
0	Fun Game, need hirez fix Fun game on a phone, but on the awesome Nexus 10 screen all touches map to the top half of the screen, and resizing the view fixes the map to the bottom right corner. Really disappointing.
0	Nice. ..
0	I just want to sing and not go through this process
0	Zero stars I give this game zero stars. I'm uninstalling it because it freezes up more then it let's me play.
0	To many ads. Other then that not too bad.
0	Cant play free fight  There are just 3 options Focus, Strike  Block. Just click on them U will win like a kid  Why didn't u make it for free fight
0	Cheaters e driver did not turn on AC...picked a long route to bill more...He cheated my parents who were travelling via OLA.. Pathetic service provided...Be wise use UBER instead
0	Failed expectation Does not work on my Galaxy Note 4 which runs on an Android 5.1. Too bad...
0	Cannot make picks, cannot view pools. Navigation slightly improved. No feedback button. Why have the app if I still have to frantically run for my computer to make picks. Please fix.
0	Why fix what's not broken The recent update is a major downgrade,  what gives   No difficulty levels  No leaderboard   Major fail, here.  Very disappointing.
0	Nothing shows up When I go onto the app, right after its done loading nothing appears
0	Annoyed I loved this game it now will not open for no reason so iv paid for something I can't play iv tried downloading again an still same issue  Can this please b fixed
0	Boring It's the same logos again
0	Lame Total bor and the jet pac thing i used a quick memo and to the creator SCREW U  P.S I HOPE YOU GET HIT BY A CAR
0	 This game is so fake. It's not even a game. U can't even do anything on it So annoying and frustrating That's why I don't like and get training games One of worst  games I've ever installed on my phone
0	Developer should have put a little thought into how to design the game instead of how to prank people
0	Radio Stream works for 10 seconds Radio Stream comes on for 1015 seconds and then stops.  No reason and I can't listen to The Open at work
0	Uninstalling Stupid adds ruin it
0	Cannot load the game Stuck on the page where it says choose between George
0	Stupid This game is STUPID they don't let me go to the part after the decorated cones 
0	Gran theift auto It does not tell you how to p l ay and it is a rip off
0	I almost got the division 3 trophy, then all of a sudden I lost my points automatically, and the game took me back to zero level. it sucks
0	Fake app After installing app I didn't got the credit I have done all terms and conditions but still I didn't got credit 
0	Gross Would be better without all of the nude fat people.
0	Greenify has stopped recognizing the donation package I don't know why, but it refused to activate experimental features even thought I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the donation package multiple times
0	Boring Boring Boring Boring BoringTT
0	Want the 24 hr forecast in widget The widgets aren't very helpful telling me what the weather is now, I know what it is. I want to know what the weather is going to be for the day.
0	Nice Was working really good to then all of a sudden it says its not responding
0	I cannot play when i updated it. Can you please fix the errors. I cant play a game after i download the update. Its just like hang and cannot touch and get in to the games... Please fix this asap.i really love this game.
0	Mooka All the stuff is not unlocked and it's boring
0	App not working I downloaded the app and it says download new app. U click on the link to download new app that is provided and it says app not avaialble
0	Cool I love it it is a baby
0	Thumbs down It is a bad i am taller  to you to don't download this game
0	Bhot kharab gems h koi mat urhana
0	App doesn't send notifications I've had this problem for the three years now across two different devices. I have no other problems with the app but it's useless without this feature.
0	Won't work with Google Earth since the last update
0	Cannot work on my Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8,it can't be opened.
0	Keira I dont liked it because is very very not fun this not a band the tempo is not like a band the tempo is so messy.i very dont like the game.
0	Doesnt work Black screen. Can't even play. I want a refund.
0	Want my money back Tried it expecting it to be fun but I was faced with ads and needing to buy energy. Not worth the money.
0	I just bought the game and it won't let me refund im so mad 
0	Its ok No missions. In evry level u r in same place ...no more special guns which makes it boring ....
0	Should use english Cant understand korean u should make the english version
0	Wow... It's better than other pool games I've played, but the spin still doesn't work
0	Great but critical bug I lost a save game after 5 hours of play when play services went down. If a game uses cloud saves it should either have a local backup or be robust to network failures. Other than that a great game,  and well implemented. ..
0	New update bug When I update to HD version home button is not working 
0	Not bad
0	... Okay, there were actually some okay questions in here, but come on If you are making an app about intellectual capabilities, use your brain and fix your spelling and grammar.
0	Disappointed Can't post pictures or videos as advertised , says I'm off road when not , can't even find the photos or video I'm talking waste of cash bummer please fix
0	I love This game awesome. So you hate as much as you want, but this like this game.
0	Too expensive. Not possible to unlock other engines without paying a lot for it. Caused more tears than fun.
0	Crazy app Not working on samsung galaxy s6 edge
0	Just doesn't work anymore Never had issues..now I can't send emails to ppl with yahoo accounts says invalid address..so I used outlook app and they went..adding news and browser clearly hasn't worked I think pantsville sums it up..
0	Entertaining for a while... It is slightly fun but after a while I becomes boring but to be honest it is only slicing fruit
0	Disgrace I come onto the game it sends me of. Then I get it again and again but I go on and it takes like 5 mins to load I get on it then I get sent of. Fix it and ill give you 
0	Horrible I rated it 1 star but I wish I cold have rat tree d it 0. Don't even waste your time because it keeps freezing on multiplayer and hard level.I used to think it was fun but its not.  It is the worst game ever.
0	Say it is not licence Does not work
0	Annoying Data download getting stuck everytime.I'm fed up.Asus Zenfone 5
0	The towers upgrade to slow and the airstrikes should be returned if you fail a level you get more heros but can only play 2 at a time what is the point of having more than 2
0	LG G4  No Notifications Game worked great on my S4, but I cannot get notifications on my LGG4. I can see notifications for FB, Pinterest, Email...no idea what is missing here. Help and I can move rating to 5 stars Thank you
0	No Lazer comes out In the picture, it shows the Lazer come out off the phone, but it doesn't so I suggest you don't waste your time on a app like this
0	Delayed letters Letters don't remove immediately when you click them, even though they're appearing in the answer boxes. Also, no 'next' or 'skip' button.
0	Amazing fantastic
0	Only 1 star I don't like to play for fun. It should need real cash option.
0	It wont work Please fix it doesn't load
0	Bakwas It is totally bakwas
0	Bought the game and won't let me download it, says error, get it fixed so I can play this game or I have wasted 2.99
0	Motorola moto G 2 Sometimes it does not work. And display just other than optimization. I have downloaded in the name of uc...
0	  19      
0	Dumie Im every one that got android cause it can't read my finger dumb author
0	Boring Ad after every. Single. Game.  Wheel spins so slowly that this is best played when needing to fall asleep.
0	Bugg When ever dialogue comes up the store pops up then disappears also the store does not work and won't let me buy anything
0	Won't open I downloaded the app and it won't open at all. I unistalled it several times and it won't work. 
0	Crap Why you people developed this crap  I couldn't even able to run it for a single time.  Everytime hangs and not responding would you like to close it. Uninstalled it within 9 minutes. Have to do some Yoga today  to lower the stress.
0	Don't do it The free version works better than this one.  Developer's won't respond back. Save your money.
0	A hhhhhhhhhhhhh So boring you shouldn't be downloading it
0	Waa I downloaded it for my lil sis and it worked in the beginning then all of a sudden it froze and wouldnt click it wasnt my device it was the gameand a lot of animals are locked
0	Map pack I bought a siberia map pack and got the receipt however when i was gna play it it still says i hv to buy the map pack. So basically wasted my 2 dollars i want refund or make it work
0	Useless auto full screen video The auto full screen video is quite irritating when you just want to read other news instead of only watching video. JUST FIX THIS ISSUE, THANKS A LOT
0	It sucks that u can only do like three things on it
0	Freezes up I get annoyed when the games freezes up while playing or if you respond yo a text you get a white screen.  At that time all I can do is restart my phone.  This is my favorite game to play so I hope they fix soon
0	Great idea. Hate the ads My son loves this app, but he ends up hitting the ads a lot and it gets frustrating for both of us.
0	no town or city within even 150 miles of my town, useless for me. If you do not live near a big city, DO NOT BOTHER WITH THIS APP I want my money back ASAP
0	The very stupid game I have ever played I just hated it its sovstupid making  game In this you just have to increase or decrease the power please never ever download it
0	It wont work No matter what I do it just wont work. I really want to see it.
0	Black screen on field I just Downloaded it and when I got on the field the whole screen went black. You can hear the football players and I can see the analog but that's it. Please fix this
0	     
0	Crap Doesn't work and doesn't explain in app charges
0	Does not have united states ..on country list ..doesn't show texas
0	It doesn't work.  I t will not record my words Minus a star
0	Crashing It crashes way too much and, it never loads any sneakers it just stays blank
0	Where are my Dragons Got Modern Masters 2015 added a week before release. Dragons has been out two months and no update
0	I was telling me king  to go somewhere but it didn't this game is terrible I would not recommend this to anybody
0	Crashes It crashes a lot
0	Still CAN'T OPEN Passworded Archive even i put the right password, it just ask again and again. other than that its actually good
0	After installing, I instantly refunded. Very disappointed. Game goes way too fast to play, and If there's 50 endings, why did I constantly get you've been made into a keychain Just sad.
0	Game freezes in campaign  multilayer all the time  I lose spirits  reinforcements because of it.
0	Who cares about top stories Facebook is becoming too messy. Too much information about things I really don't care And I really don't care about top stories Please I'd like to choose what I want to see on my news feed
0	Closes down Please refund as it freezes and then closes the game down
0	terrible Terrible, horrible, problems getting to download,  try at your own peril.
0	Doesn't work Roll the dice and the game cuts out and closes. Fix please and will review my rating.
0	Fake app Balance not came through mcent...big fraud...frnds dont download
0	Sucking game No graphics
0	I hated it. Why can't we have at least 2 rooms Every game you make has in app purchase. No one wants to buy something on an app for 2.75.
0	It's normal game not so good and not so bad
0	Stupid Stupid intelligence
0	Ripoff This game is a ripoff it only gave us one room don't get this game
0	Fun but... Its hard to move around
0	Wont load, u see defiant load screen u barely see the sled then it crashes i want my money back
0	Long wait Wow. Why do you have to wait 3 hours for 1 pass That's crazy. I really think if you didn't have to wait that long, this would be an awesome game. Fix that and I will give you 5 stars.
0	All  instruments  are  not  open  we  have  to  pay  149rs  don't  load  this  game
0	I will  delete this app. They are 2 days maintenance writing 2 hours. You are not serious. We have spent a lot of time to play.
0	Stupid It wont even let me open the app and it tames up to much space and it lags its stupid game I used to love it but now it sucks mabey because im on an Ndroid and not my iphone
0	Boring and promotes bad behavior
0	I love playing the game but it's annoying that I can't do anything because it constantly is closing it's self out i would give the game a 5 rating if I could play for once without it closing out on me
0	Annoying ad Kind of entertaining, but the plotembedded ad for magnetic woo bracelets kind of ruined it for me. Tony Stark would not approve.
0	Screw you Mina Don't worry about updates or a new version. Mika responded to my email stating they are no longer developing for android because of the mass amount of different hardware in android devices. Really did love the game.
0	It dose not work All th makeup is disapering. It is so glitchy please fix
0	Crap Since upgrading it says WC stations don't exist
0	Awful Should be free. I get more NOAA weather stations on other radio apps. Stations where severe weather is current will NOT work at all
0	Tutorial bug The tutorial says there is a monster that appears but nothing appears how do I fix this or is this a known bug 
0	Text too small As above, text boxes seem optimised for tablets or PC's. On my 5 Sony Xperia the text is way too small for me to read.
0	Are u guys crazy Can't enjoy the game coz of too many add pop up's,,, I gave 4 star before  now it's reduced to 1
0	Takes forever to load Way too much lag compared to other angry birds. Takes up way more space too.  All around worst angry birds in every way.
0	doesnt work
0	Bhangar game It is the worst aap in the world .dont download this app
0	7 times out of 10 u get rihht to the end of a  run  and what happens A flaming ad pops up. VERY ANJOYING  UNINSTALLING NOW
0	It will NOT update. Won't allow me to play without updating.  Why can't you.just leave it as it was. I've Uninstaller  tried to reinstall several times only to have the same issue.  Not impressed at all at this point.
0	Not made for phones Fun game on a tablet BUT this is not made for phones. You can't use the interface because most of the buttons are so small
0	Wild life count down Paid for app. And it. Stopped working ad soon as downloafed
0	Extremely cheap The game used to be much more generous with wins  now wins are very few and far between,  and very minimal.   You lose money very quickly.
0	this game is awesome but after update not open  pls fix this after update not working
0	Useless Downloads but does not open.
0	Update Crashed everything Can't even Mock Draft.....Says not opened.
0	It sucks I keep losing and keeps freezing
0	First its fun but nows a prob I tried to coutine the game but it doesn't work I tap EVERYTHING nothing works plz fix so I can rate 5 stars
0	Crap It just navigates to all other sites with updates. Lives off bomb and sky news. Pffft
0	app problem I have lost 3lac due to app problem.... When I have  selected tournament the table is got getting  connected.... After  few mins my money is deducted......... Please improve the efficiency
0	Won't let me sign in Keeps telling my Email address is wrong after verifying the acount VIA MY EMAIL ADDRESS
0	Update. And now my music for my alarm is gone
0	Will not open Game crashes every time I try to open it. Playing on a new HTC One M8
0	Stupid I downloaded this for my tablet and you have to pay 7.99 for 100 songs.I get that but at least give me 30 for free 
0	Lies It's a lying app, there is no laser that shoots out of your phone. It's a great app if you're scared of real lasers and always wanted to try one.
0	I am unable to switch alarms. Once I chose Reveille it got stuck in a loop. Even after uninstalling and reinstalling no matter which alarm I chose it would play Reveille.
0	Dissapointed Most calls are of poor quality and than I have to make another call on a mobile network to complete the conversation. Less than 20  of successful calls.
0	Refund.. Downloaded as looked fun on friends phone.. but game will not boot up or start at all
0	I did the whole thing in less than 30 minutes Seriously All that for nothing Incredibly boring.
0	Pop up ads While the content is decent enough, i cannot leave my child alone with this app because the popup ads take her to download screens.
0	Bad.. Dont waste mp   bad game
0	Come on It took a long time to load. Then I said to my self I could finally play but no ooh I started loading in the game. It took like 30 minutes  to just go to 37. This game is horrible.
0	Update messed up this app Cutting off wake up paths doesn't work, auto hibernation disabled on random occasions, frequently crashing... i was in love with this app untill it was updated to this crap.. fix this... ASAP
0	Purchased trial of this app today to use with Smart Link in my new car, but it  doesn't work at all . Message on phone says that license has expired.  Not keen to buy full app at all
0	Damn pop ups This is for children and damn pop ups are regular. Ad more features to the app and sell it for a few bucks. some Arab app download pop up B.S
0	New update making app crash App is crashing wide open since the update. I don't care what's popular or has a ton of likes, I want my news feed in order without all the crap. This app is now juicing my battery at a rediculous rate. Fix or delete.
0	New levels crash My rating has gone down  the Calling all agents levels crash on 3 and 4 making the game not playable. I am really disappointed this has taken so long to address .... and likely the last of the series I will support.
0	Lots of Ad's App contains hell lots of ad's even if we selecting some options automatically add will pop up. Agreed that this is free app and ad's should be there but these are lots of ad's i think i have downloaded an ad application
0	Takes toooo much time to start It takes more than two minutes to start. Not gonna wait that long for it.
0	problemas no som de voz. depois de 3 dias de uso o som da voz do navegador simplesmente sumiu, mesmo com volume no maximo, a musica para, fazendo com que o navegador fale, mas o som nao sai. Alguem teve este problema
0	Where to earn those coins.. Where to earn 25000 coins now for next bow. Leave the other upgrades. Also daily bonus is very low. Make this game interesting by improved coin collection.
0	does not work in slow net.. Always get erorr 700 and after evry move turn off internet you will be win
0	STUPID GAME can't GET PAST THE FIRST LEVEL YOU CAN'T JUMP HIGH                            
0	Machetes... What good is a free game that you can't play cause you have to BUY STUFF Uninstalled At least you get a clam a day on family guy geeeez
0	Hard to play on phone galaxy s4 Very difficult to play for someone with average sized fingers. Nothing seems to click or acknowledge my press. Game uninsulated would like a refund
0	Nice
0	Delays Have tried a few thinks think you are better off getting mics
0	Junk Not good
0	A waste of time...great idea...pathetic function
0	Wooooow... Screw you all it dosn't even open this is the dumbest app ever
0	Nice Good game fun but keeps on saying rate after I rate
0	Login issue I hope u can fix the av issue since I can't change my old account name anymore thnx
0	Doesn't work This app immediately closes. I have purchased all the pets and now my daughter can't play it.
0	Recording blank files Fix ASAP Error at call start ' Cannot record Please check if another application is trying to record at the same time.'  Fix ASAP
0	WTH......I'm still waiting on a jackpot. I don't play as much as I use to play. All those around me hit the jackpot. I've been blackballed  least it feels that way. This was my favorite game..
0	Hated it It doesn't work I have tried to but it gust won't work
0	Since update not running on any of 3 different devices. No support.
0	Fun game but I bought coins and I've got everything,  I would advise any 1 who gets this app not to buy more than 50 000 coins as you won't have anything to spend them on as there is not many cars and maps
0	Paid app nags to install other apps Every time you start it
0	hate  it when I get on the  stupid  game  it shows  a black  screen  and  it won't  load
0	
0	Refund needed This game keeps forclosing smh....uninstalled since I can't play it fully plz contact me.
0	Waste of 4 months People attack u  wipe out ur entire army u built for 4 months in seconds. WASTE OF TIME playing  GREEDY Money Hungry developers Tap4bug sucks They don't care they just want ur  Yeah Great Game Guys
0	Piece of crap Every time I play a game it always exits. What's the point in getting a game if it can't be played. This is the second stickman game from this company that don't work. Fix it and I'll download again.
0	 Uninstalled I just downloaded and I've enjoyed so far Will let you know more. Well I'm back and it's not good It won't let me log on to facebook Please fix this and I'll change back to 5 
0	Stupid Game is stupid too many foul balls and very hard to hit waste of money don't buy this game
0	Fix the bug plz Game hangs after few rounds. This issue started after upgrading nexus 4 to android 5.1. The game is good. Plz fix the iszue
0	iOS Interface on Android The app is OK, but it's iOS interface is very out of place on my phone.
0	Can not install on galaxy tab 4 7.0
0	Keeps hanging Keeps hanging, then isnt responding, n even puts me in the wrong location and I have to keep changing the search location. Why the hell am I in MY when I am in SG. Seriously
0	Ok .tidak membosankan
0	Navigation Used to work good, now can't get the voice to work. Used it yesterday and it froze, got lost.
0	Nt good Touch response is really bad...needs improvement
0	Won't let me play online It says your google play account has stopt of you fix I will rate five stars
0	stevenhay39yahoo.co.uk disappointed in having to pay for this app after the 30 day trial period this should come free of charge when purchased with the a new vauxhall corsa paying 14k for a car without the sat navigation installed
0	I've already paid for the game. Why should I have to pay again for one silly level Would've given it 5 stars if it wasn't for that. It's ridiculous and underhanded.
0	Bug  slow on samsung The game runs at perfect speed first but then it starts lagging when im turning my face from one light to the other. Plus the app exits on its own after a good 3050 seconds please fix
0	Iritating After the first the case you have pay for things, or you will have to wait untill 19 hours to finish analysis
0	Note 4 Doesn't work on note 4 still.
0	Good on ios not on android Issues with validity of TAFs or says unavailable or loads lots of the incorrect ones  Not working at all on android  Bad to worse
0	Good. But... Only xylophone is free. The other instrument you have to pay to play.
0	Why I can't download it It downloads to 99 amd then say couldn't download due to error 902..
0	Started to download 134 songs. 16 songs downloaded in 5 minutes though I have fast fibre, will take all night till finishes. I want to play when I open the app not look at a progressbar. And there's no cancel. Uninstalling.
0	constant bufferring after last update app just started constantly bufferring streams that i'm watching can't even watch 5 minutes withhout sudden freeze...
0	Laggy, freezes up Don't waste your money on this. Very laggy and the pc server freezes constantly. I want a refund.
0	good
0	Glaxy Note 4 Aftet my earlier 5 stars rating, and after update, I am getting could not connect, please try again. The same message is repeated even when reinstalling the application.
0	Loggy I really want to play this game but its to slow to load and if i am going to register it says that invalid email im so dissapointed if you fix this game i will change my rate pls.... Fix this i really love HTTYD    
0	Move the ads thn the app wll hve more stars
0	Lag DROID RAZR maxx ice cream sandwich Would be a great game with no lag.  Unfortunately timing is everything in this game so the lag ruins all of the fun.  I hope the issue is fixed, fun game
0	Painting and drawing for kids Unusable unless paying hopefully.
0	Can't share to tumblr I use we heart it only for finding pictures for tumblr, and it won't share, it only shows a white screen when i share it.
0	Keeps freezing up.  Not fun when you have to keep starting over.
0	Trash  This app jacked up before the last upgrade. Supposedly I lost ALL followers but really it might have been due to some bugs and really all the followers were still there.
0	Doesn't work on Sony z3 Will not allow you to scroll across to manage your property or select any of the locations. don't bother wasting your time
0	Tried to play But the game won't go past the home screen and then I tried to uninstall pretty much immediately and it didn't refund my money...bad business
0	please make more levels
0	I paid for the game and I can't even open the doc to get tape out of fix please I just wasted money on this games won't do that again deleted
0	WHAT THE HELL Dosen't this game even WORK
0	please fix clock does not work
0	Can't Progress The personal picture you put in will not work whenever I try to buy it and put I in the picture it just takes me back to Google play. Will give 5 star a once this is fixed.
0	Again the game froze brought me back to the 1st hole and won't let me sign in Facebook and let go to the hole I'm at please fix it
0	Great game but lost my money Love the game but bought silver and never got it even though they took my money emailed support but haven't heard anything back and it has been over 24 hrs. To bad really enjoyed the game till they just took my money.
0	Fake Not work
0	There's some issues with GPS. It's not connecting.
0	Rockstar help Please fix I start the game everything works like the intro but after the screen just blacks out and that's it please fix its a paid app and I would expect better from such a big company 1 star until fixed.
0	Ooh no I don't know why I gave 5 star Every time I start  unfortunately pixlemon has stopped 
0	Not my thing It's really boring and I think you don't deserve one star you deserve 0 stars I hate this game.
0	Not great It looks cute but it's over priced considering the value there isn't much for them to do butyet takes up a lotof space.
0	Crushed crushed crushed This game was one of the best in the store,,  now nothing more than a big disappointed,,  specially after the last update.
0	Too many bugs
0	I HATE IT I hate it because it would not even load SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO BAD
0	The new version I don't like the new version now,  everytime I copy paste a verse there's a ULR that poop out. Dislike it..  I like the older one.
0	Issues since last update Playstation controller now won't work properly. Three buttons control jump and can't sprint or kick. Have tried reseting controls but no joy. Sony xperia z2
0	My baby cousin love it very a lot I  mean alot
0	C'mon what the freak, it keeps crashing and I'm on level 112. SERIOUSLY That said, its very entertaining,the one star is because of the crashing
0	Rolings sevens all the time. If i bet with 25 chips, then game is normal. If I have a 100 and 25 chip on the table I roll seven 4 of of 5 rolls. Something is wrong, refunding.
0	Game spoiler Your advertisements spoil the game for me . These advertisements are getting worse, they are averaging evey 10  15 seconds, less of them please. Still can't get to some of the neighbours villges
0	Please make it better It would be better if you get more stuff for free with out buying it even if it is one of the cakes
0	When I downloaded a app it did not give me 100 coins
0	Gin Rummy There is no skill required and the deck is stacked against the player of the game.
0	Zero stars It keeps kicking me out of the game and when I first downloaded it it was fine now its the second download and one of the updates are probably doing this.
0	HTC evo 4g Got to rank 15 and now it won't open. For how much I paid this should not be happening. An error pops up and says heap O memory is out...
0	Unfiar Hated it i wanted a refund under 1 hour and they did not give me it every one rate 1star come on guys
0	Doesn't focus no flash On a nexus 4. Pictures are blurry and using flash freezes app. Phone works fine with Google camera so hardware isn't to blame. Would really like a refund.
0	Hate it This game is so lame the control are so messed up and you never get to win the shit
0	Eh It's sweet to see all the pets feel better at the end ' I'm an animal lover' but other than that this game is soo boring, lame and stupid. Toca boca creators please make this free so people don't have to waste there money
0	This game rocks 
0	Used to be good for showbox. This app is now a total nightmare. Video buffers every 5 seconds, and if you are using it with showbox it a total waste of time now..... Anyone know of another app that plays showbox videos and can cast them to your telly
0	Updating Okay but it needs to automatically update like other stations do not worth buying
0	Waste of money I drove from West wales to Essex and had nothing show at all. Absolute waste of money. Would Not Recommend at all.
0	G2 Didn't work on G2 for sprint. LS980
0	Rubbish Does not work with the Holden Colorado.
0	All of a sudden no trips are shown. Poor app. Shows different speeds to the tracking device already in my car
0	Reader I loaded it up and was ready to enjoy some manga and comics and then I realized it had nothing. even searching or trying to download sone but no, i got nothing
0	Time selection problem It's not user friendly and error prone. Also, even after selecting pick up location properly, it got changed after booking was confirmed.
1	Sonic 3 and Knuckles Please release sonic 3 and knuckles. It is my favorite game in the series. Also give the option to start straight from sonic and knuckles, like with the original cartridge. Thanks
1	Fantastic I've been using this app for a few years now. It does exactly what I need and more. The functionality gets better and better.
1	Great app one of the best guitar  game there is,also great graphics AWSOME APP
1	Hauntingly beautiful puzzler A gorgeous and immersive game that is both haunting and playful. Level of difficulty and length hit a sweet spot. Easily one of the best I've played on this platform.
1	Finally Well finally a version of this game that works. That money.wasting bullshit is not worth the money. This is the same as the other one expet its free and actally works. Dont waste ypur money on the other one buy this instead
1	Amazing It's fun
1	dq6 is dq7 even possible for android
1	Great app Intuative and easy to learn.
1	Excellent Great job
1	Spades plus I love this game and I'm ready to die for it
1	Good Apps.. this is very nice application anti virus...
1	This is a really cool game, I have just started so I can't day too much on it.
1	Would recommend it to all j players Great game to play at home
1	loved It I'm wining the race
1	It's great. It's a great app despite the fact that I can't beat it. Now I can practice so I can beat my friends.
1	Great
1	Great game Short but very tricky. Some of the levels are simple and others will have you frustrated with how cryptic they are. Recommend D
1	Easy to learn, complex enough to keep you playing. The graphics style has a cool tronesq thing too
1	Great game This game is so addictive and awesome and it does lag a little but it's rare for it to lag. Maybe u could put some new things or more space in the city but other than that I think this game is cool.
1	I love this app It is the best chat app every it has the best games ever on it and I love meeting new people on there Thank You mocospace my profile name on moco is saint40
1	Pro license not working on Android 5 Amazing response times from support.  Thanks for this great app.
1	Super cute My daughter loved this show and the app is very entertaining for her.
1	Loan players My loan players are returning and the ones that I am loaning aren't returning either
1	Helpfull app Helps me a lot when i have no idea of,which train going where So in that case this is really helpfull for me
1	Awesome I live spongebob this  is lots better than subway surfers but lots more bugger
1	Great Nice learning app
1	SHMUDroid Ziadne reklamy, Aladin na mapach, strucne textove predpovede, vystrahy s notifikaciami.
1	Great App I use this app when I'm stuck on a game and can't see a word to play.  Very helpful 
1	So good done I brought this game for my daughter and she can't stop playing this game .this game is so exciting  you gave to by this game if uou se this wonderful game
1	Fixed Fixed the speed drop bug is now a fantastic app thank you to the developers for putting the work into it and I have an Ibolt pro dock a fantastic car accessory I'm so glad I found this everyone should have this
1	Good game Good for when your bored.
1	Cool game to pass time Fun game
1	Love it,but........ Love this game but the upgrades and cars are too expencive,please reduce the price.....please fingersoft
1	Do what it's suppose to do Great app. Do exactly what it suppose to. My only suggestion would be adding more league.
1	My daughter loves this app. She isn't even 2 and navigates her way around perfectly. She as learned so much and more.
1	Funnest Game Ever It's so fascinating to see all those guns, the design of them, and their bullets. This game is so fun.
1	AMAZING Great app with heaps of fun for everyone. Amazing graphics with a diverse range to choose from. Disapointed How could you be Enjoy it
1	Great App Great Support If you have a good wifi router then chromecast is amazing. Most people rate this app badly because they are to cheap to buy a wifi router that is compatible with chromecast
1	Mahjong Missed playing this.
1	Awezome Lovin it
1	Really  superb app
1	Great game Get it. The only problem is that you can't get money that fast
1	Nice I like it.Thanks. 
1	Great Great guessing game
1	Theek thak Love it but in last some days I have bad experience
1	Very useful app If fits what I need. That is enough.
1	Mystery Best game ever you should download it.
1	Buying I love this game but to unlock the rest of the games it cost money and I don't want to pay for a stupid game
1	No internet required is most rewarding when you live in a hicktown, USA  hours from everything city life.
1	Completed but then lost all data Got to do it all again. Lost all data after a reset due to a virus. Still a good game pity the other bird games don't have the option to vet rid of those annoying ads.
1	Awesome game. I have never seen such an adventures game.
1	Awesome beat game with 550 coins left. Had a few really old and obscure wrestlers, really tested my memory.
1	Lost all my tractors when it updated and my semi also. Thanks for fixing my problem. Now it gets 5 stars. adfc2bbb is my ID for challenges
1	Quality Been playing for many years in way or another and now enjoy it on my new Samsung S6
1	Great App....excellent developer. Brilliant easy to use app, I had never used a comic maker before this and had made a comic in minutes. I had a problem and emailed the developer who responded within the hour. Thanks and keep up the great work.
1	Awesomeness
1	Better than the original I just bought this game today  I'm already addicted to it. It's better than the android version of scrabble.
1	Great app The graphs help me plan my gardening week Works well on my Note 4.
1	Keeps my finances in order Helps me keep a track of income and expenses Worth buying as it syncs to tablet and pbone.
1	Awesome This is a very nice and educative game. Am loving it...
1	Well made Solitaire game I like a lot. Has nice graphics and music
1	Awesome Only deal or no deal on android, game trick to win always choose white chicks because they always have higher money in bank
1	My little sister loves it she just loves it Love it
1	Best game of cricket So good game of cricket and very enjoyed the games.
1	Cool Perfect
1	Roslyn Great game. Makes you think. Can play for hours, even though I haven't seen a few of them before.
1	Great game Gets u addicted
1	Its so nice game I never play a game like this. Its so awesome
1	So addictive
1	Precious Love these Spiritual Smiley's. Wish there were more like this 
1	Good but I don't know how to mate
1	Seat layout now works LG G4, lollipop. Seating layout now comes up after update.
1	Cool It is awesome it is fun its tricking cool there is blood and staying its vary cool gamelove it
1	Animal band This is pretty awesome.perfect for my kids.
1	Great for kids with Autism
1	This is a good app is worked for me fine I've tried others just don't like them this one is easy to use
1	Awesome Love it so much
1	Very good and easy to use
1	Love it NO love your all caps butten. Thanks for speeding up my nextbook ares 8
1	Quick Hits I Can't Get To The Screen To Play The Facebook Login Keep Coming Up I Don't Want To Login On Facebook Can You Please Check To See Why I Can't Get To Play Quick Hits Thank You
1	Hi Good
1	It's wonderful
1	Awesome It is great, its challenging, its clever there are no bugs or anything like that, I recommend this game to everyone that likes cars
1	Very good stories
1	I,m Batman Dats rite
1	Love it so far. Great time sink. Fun story. Worth the money. 
1	They love it so much... My friends love this game.  Instant hit.  Every time I pull it out,  everyone wants to play Sometimes they will go so far as to steal my phone so they can play  Works on phone and tablet No complaints Great game
1	Quiet nice.
1	Great game controls could be a bit more sensitive
1	Fun fun fun
1	MagicGram  Get Followers is the best app to get real Instagram followers. Highly recommended
1	My daughter loves it My daughter loves it.. but there is a problem .. it is not opening the puzzles It was working well now it is not.. Please fix soon.
1	nice game i love this game, but i haven't recieved my offer coins . i have already intalled and run 2 apps, pls fix da problem.
1	I love this
1	Very cool Awesome
1	Improve on the buttons the get stocked at times causing the opponent to have advantage  wins the match. This is not fair at all. Not withstanding I'm unbeatable now.  Come try me.
1	Really good but I don't know where to sell the hey
1	Love it best game ever and I'm very fussy on my games and this was one of the best Best game ever
1	Really fun
1	This is AMAZING This games is one of the best game in history. Who ever didn't download this game u should FREAKING AWESOME love thisgame
1	Great app. User friendly. Does what it says
1	Lovely game for little ones I have purchased a number of doctor panda for my 3 year old and have not been disappointed by any so far. This one is equally as good.
1	Please do something for changing the tempo..speed...this game is so awesome
1	Great Kids love it
1	Utilissima Complimenti per la bella app. Essenziale, veloce e precisa
1	Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. My only question is whether or not you can get your tables back when switching to a new device I've purchased over ten tables that means over 20.00 U.S., it may not seem like a lot og monies to some peoples but it is to me.
1	Memories. You forgot about some of these singers. Nice to hear them again. Fun to try
1	It is awesome Faving a fun by colouring
1	Love It I love this game it is awesome it lets you rave all kinds of cars y'all better get the game I promise you fans will like it.
1	You have to manually inset at lease one widget I have 4 widgets but nothing happens
1	Really is fun
1	Doctor   kids its  very  good  game   for  the  childrens   who   want  to  be   a   doctor
1	Customer care I claim to be the greatest fan. And for customer care there right there on the job they didn't let me down they corrected my problems and even help me out a big thanks to you all.. The fan
1	Well worth the 15 Would definitely recommend. Runs great. There's a few bugs but no crashing on the s5
1	Loving it I am so hooked and wished they would give more grabs. There have been 3 times I downloaded an app to get free grabs and was never credited for them.
1	Speaker switch When logging in to the VoIP server to check voice mail, I'd like to use the speaker but I cannot access the button
1	Loads of fun. Cool tables
1	Very professional Very nice
1	had to disable a developer option
1	Love it This is a great app, my granddaughters love it
1	Amazing but i one idea please add If you get caught by animal control you should be turned into a house cat with your family and   be able to try and escape with your family just a idea plz plz plz add I think  it will be fun
1	I love this app It's very accurate and beautifully made. A job well done.
1	Very best game
1	Great App Flashcard concept is a fast way to learn.
1	It works now I turn my phone off and turn my phone back on and I guess that did the trick. Great work on this love it glad I was able to pay for it. You deserve it
1	Love Love.  Only problem is bluetooth does'nt auto active. But everything else does.
1	So good My cuz keep on telling me can i play your phone evry buddy should get it i love it for my cuz looooooooooooo..........ve it
1	Nice
1	Amazing Love it i never stop playing it
1	S4 Great game now
1	I love it so much Im almost near in level 1000, i like the new features thou its really brain cracking... Keep up the good work... 
1	Great NERDGASM, fun and great way to get your mind going...strategy lovers dream
1	Fishing knot 101 Excellant knot tieing
1	Great fun and easy to play Bought this for my autistic 4yo and he absolutely adores it
1	Best Best
1	Great app My 2 year old loves this app  it holds her attention and amuses her more than many others. Highly recommended
1	Good app Would recommend itself
1	virtual d jay DJ,developer's
1	Best one so far
1	I always love a well implemented board game, and this one is good.  I have yet to determine how good the AI is, but the challenges are fun and achievements are a nice touch.
1	Love this one here the most of the solitaire games listed.
1	 Love it, you should add a few things Suggestions A dog pound where you can be placed when caught and break into, more breeds perhaps Collie's, breeding, tamed dogs, and cars can injure you.
1	Good game 
1	So easy to clear errors This app works really well. I am very happy that I don't have to phone in to clear errors anymore.
1	hot wheels awsome
1	Paid for it Paid so my daughter can play it on her profile..same tablet and paid version only works on the main profile 
1	Lov it Im 30 and love it, so does my 3 yr old son
1	I wish there was a hard mode Love SU and this game was well worth the money. I only wish there was a way to make it tougher Because I never felt in danger due to all the items I had and the weak monsters  minus the bosses
1	Great app Great, nofrills way to pass time while waiting in line, etc. Sure, there's the occasional ad...but it's a free app, so quit your whining.
1	Super Wish
1	Super fun way to connect briefly with friends and lovers   during the busy day until u see them later
1	Best game If more best if the failed option is available
1	Great solitaire package Huge collection of games with nice graphics. Exactly what I wanted.
1	Cannot live without Once you get to know this app, its a musthave First thing I install after a reinstall of my phone
1	Loved it BUT.. The ads won't load even when needed to earn lives.. although people face the problem of getting unnecessary ads, this is now a whole new thing that we want ads to appear to keep playing..
1	Super I like  it
1	Great mobile version of a fun game Lots of fun.  Haven't tried multiplayer yet, but I feel like I am getting closer to mastering single player.
1	Fantastic
1	Not stable Great manga reader but not very much stable, know to exit from reading page for no known reason,...
1	I have to say,given all the wordsearch games I've tried at least 25this is in the top five.it's pretty good.
1	Nice app Its really very useful and nice aap. I love it..
1	Guns by calford Lots of stars this app should have, Love the guns in this, try adding a lot more if u can.thank you.
1	Loved . I love this
1	2 yr old's favorite app Great graphics, cute song. Lots of surprises for a toddler to explore. Will definitely consider more apps made by this developer.
1	Contrary to reviews It works, it works well, being able to read old issues well worth the admission, I reluctantly just tried it out since it had bad reviews. It's great, goes to show you, don't believe everything you hear.
1	Yummy cakes I make This game gives me ideas on how to make amazing cakes for parties and other things
1	I like it, it's relaxing
1	Great Amazing help. Really good. I would tell the world to use this app before hand. It doesnt require data
1	Good It's good for a baby...
1	Addictive I play this everyday I actually remember stuff too The only change I'd make would be, show the question with the correct answer on the oops page. But really great game Been playing on and off for a couple of years now and still love it
1	Guess the things you see at every store. Its fun.
1	Excellent I just wish an infinite mode that stops only if you are out of moves
1	Sweet baby girl summer fun I just think the game is so kid appropriate and its like just so realistic and cool and I just left be the way it was made.
1	Braden The best game
1	LOVE AT FOR ST SIGHT Me and my cousin were going to my uncles boat, we looked at the games. I saw it and freaked out. I love this gameOh its not in a tree, it's in a mountain.
1	Good chess game Different levels to help you feel smart when you are dumb like me. View button works good to zoom in on the board so you don't fat finger the wrong piece. I also like the 2 player mode, for the real easy wins against myself.
1	Needs a little more cat breeds. Hey I've noticed ur game company is gluten FREE so make ur games freealso before I got tiger Sim free weird huh
1	This ap is awesome, with very few ads and very entertaining. Also it has very few locked items, and lots of options and toppings to put on your pizzas. My 6 year old loves this ap. Very well done
1	Love it But u should add a identify so if u brake your phone or get,s wet and u just put your email and password pleas do this pleas it will be helpful because then u have to start all over again to get your guns.
1	What you want This is the best solitaire app I've found. The cards look like cards, the play is smooth, the ads are not annoying because they do not get in the way of your game, and the achievements are interesting.
1	Great app, some bugs One of the best investments I've ever made with my smartphone, though the app does get stuck from time to time.
1	Blackthorn Castle Great little adventurepuzzle game.
1	Love it Its a awesome  game so fun and addictive looks great highly recommend it.
1	It's Awesome I love how it gets me excited to play, makes me feel good.
1	Blaze and the monster Machines Can you stop the glitch please
1	Loved it It is the best game ever very funny
1	 
1	Great apps Work perfectly on galaxy s3 with max 4gb and perfect kernel. Thanks a lot
1	Fantastic Perfect for 2 years old baby.
1	This was a trick This is a great game I love how it tricked me
1	Cutie patutie She is so nice and cute oh and her outfits ahhhhh great desighns well I am a fashion expert and I give her a five star if there was a 1000,000,000 stars I would give it that number stars
1	Love it, Hate it I hate it so much it's  taken me several weeks to find time to rate it
1	Pyramid solitaire Nice ..cool game play  ..needs more graphics and liver game play   .....
1	Simple and neat
1	This game is so awesome My favorite team is the cardinals because I'm from arizona but stickman football I like the Dallas cowboys
1	Aworded Scrabble
1	Addicting as it is broken Works great now, keep it up
1	IT FUN but had some problem 1.the free song only have 5 so playing it for several minute and the .plup. BORING 2.The vip access had time limit like 8 dollar for 30 day ok but no unlimited vip access 3.I dont know how to dance lol
1	Nice for my little sister to read.thnks
1	PRO POOL 2015 Keep your Eyes open and on the BALL
1	AWESOME GAME  This game is really nice and great. I enjoy playing it. I beat him,and touch his tail and then he gets angry. I like this game. If I have known this game before, I have downloaded it in 2014.
1	Saheed Good for my kids, they love it.
1	SO FUN I'm glad you cook whatever without having steps and stuff I made her a meat slush .. XD
1	X Lent What the app is this I loved it it is so imoresive
1	Love it Reminds me of playing the same game as a child
1	Hello kitty salon It's so cool
1	Perfect This is exactly what I wanted. Simple forecast  not a lot of hype and bells. Thank you.
1	I like this Those are the words of a three year old
1	Love this game Its worth the blinking adds
1	Confirmed HTC m8 After several tries, this one did the trick. Grats to the dev, well worth the 2.80
1	awesome best board game app ever... the effects r realistic...no ads,no hanging ...its smooth...only if u would add diffrnt kind of strickers to choose from,,,i would b very happy..,
1	Awesome GTA lll GTA lll still Rocks, no problems downloading,  no lag or glitches  My Samsung Galaxy S5 rocks this game If you have lag or glitches think about upgrading  to a better Device. ...Can't wait for GTA 5 APP.  ... ... .  .. ... . ..
1	Needs upgrade Works well with jelly beans but does not work on KitKat or Lolipop.Can't check individual time search.Needs a complete overhaul.
1	Awesome One of my best app buys so fun me and my 5 year old just love it more please
1	Great game Terarria is a great game that is simple, fun, and silly at the same time. It has very few bugs, at the moment, and I would like it to stay that way, but also looking forward to new patches
1	Cute Just lovely
1	goooood
1	really good application ...seamless performance
0	not a good application at all
0	not good application at all
0	bad application don't like it at all
0	bad application don't like it at all
1	could be better
0	could be better but it sucks
1	could be better but works well for now
1	could be better but works well for now
1	could be better but works well for now
1	could be better but works well for now
1	could be better but works well for now
1	could be better but works well for now
1	could be better but works well for now
1	i love it
1	i love it
1	i love it
1	good
1	very good
1	very good
1	best
1	best
1	awesome aap
1	awesome aap
1	nice
0	old version was good
0	old days were good they said and that also implies to shareit older version was much better than the new one  so much adds and all those notification it\\'s just useless and all of the things this app is now not able to transmit files like it used to do sorry shareit but i am just gonna stick to sender now
1	nice
1	its wonderful
1	its wonderful
1	its wonderful
1	its wonderful
1	its wonderful
1	its wonderful
1	its wonderful
1	nice app
1	nice
1	nice
1	nice
1	i love it!!! now im gonna share minecraft with my cousin
1	supported
1	supported
1	nice
1	nice
1	i like it
1	i like it
1	i like it
1	i like it
1	so good
1	so good
1	very good app. pls add search video option as it is simple to find favorite videos by name. in next update add search video option. thanks
1	very good app. pls add search video option as it is simple to find favorite videos by name. in next update add search video option. thanks